"Let's cut to the chase. We really need more moderators especially those outside the Americas so the sub has help 'round the clock. We are looking to add several experienced Reddit users who have a passion for nutrition and a desire to help curate [/r/nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition) as a collegial space for informative nutrition discussions.Here is what we are looking for from applicants. Please send applications to [modmail](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/nutrition).1. Modding experience on Reddit is great but not required. Ditto for having a little coding experience. Let us know whether you mod any other subs and if you have any relevant experience like moderating other forums/pages using back-end web tools etc.2. Mods need to be frequent Reddit users. The ideal mod is someone who pops into Reddit multiple times per day can devote some time to addressing moderator issues when logging on and foresees continuing to do so in the future.3. You should be a team player who is on board with following processes and procedures including using communications channels so that we stay on the same page and present a united and consistent front that prioritizes [r/nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition) and its core users.4. You should be someone who is comfortable enforcing rules and able to handle receiving harsh/critical feedback from strangers on the internet without breaking down losing your temper or giving in.If you are interested in applying please [message the moderators](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/nutrition) with *a note which addresses all the points above (please use numbering)*. Do not leave your application as a comment here.Looking for the normally-sticked rules post? [Go here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/comments/pz2m8m/rnutrition_rules_and_call_for_moderators/)"
"Welcome to the weekly [r/Nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nutrition/) feature post for questions related to your personal diet and circumstances. Wondering if you are eating too much of something not enough of something or if what you regularly eat has the nutritional content you want or need? Ask here.**Rules for Questions*** You MAY NOT ask for advice that at all pertains to a specific medial condition. Consult a physician dietitian or other licensed health care professional.* If you do not get an answer here you still may not create a post about it. Not having an answer does not give you an exception to the Personal Nutrition posting rule.**Rules for Responders*** Support your claims.* Keep it civil.* Keep it on topic - This subreddit is for discussion about nutrition. Non-nutritional facets of food are even off topic. * Let moderators know about any issues by using the report button below any problematic comments."
"I've noticed a lot of products I enjoy have rebranded their packaging and along with that came an update to their nutrition labels. Namely the overall calories are the same but in most cases the amount of protein and fiber listed have decreased while sugars increased. For instance boathouse farms blue goodness smoothie went from 11g fiber to 9g fiber with a small bump in total sugars.  Barnana peanut butter banana bites went from 2.5 180cal servings with 3g protein each to 3.5 130cal servings with 2g of protein each.  The sugars went from 40g a package to 42g. Weirdly the barnana website lists the old nutrition facts while Amazon lists the new one. Now these could be recipe updates but it seems strange that I've been seeing this across a lot of products."
"I understand how weird this question sounds. I have lived in Europe most of my life and upon moving to the USA I noticed that eggs in the US slightly taste weird (like sulfur/ stove gas) and I just can’t understand why (I’ve lived in the US for more than a year and still haven’t gotten used to it). I have lived in different states both in west and east coast shopped in different grocery stores but all eggs have this weird taste. Every time I go back to visit home and eat eggs there they taste normal again no matter if I go to the UK/Italy or other European countries. I have not visited other continents thus can’t say anything about eggs there. The only time when eggs in the US taste “normal” is when I go to a small local farm and get eggs straight from the farmer. Can someone please share if they had a similar food experience or why would I taste this? Thank you"
"Hey please share your thoughts on fermented food or any good case if you have ."
"I was doing some research for my bio class and I just got to wondering how the body processes things. One example the book gave was someone eating 500 calories extra over a week leading to weight gain but I thought what if they ate a lot in one sitting!For example does eating 2000 extra calories one day (2000 over what you burn) cause you to gain more or less (or same) weight as if you overate 500 calories for four days in a row?"
"When cooking foods like kimchi and Greek yogurts what temp starts to destroy the bacteria?"
"What are its nutritional value and its benefits?"
"I enrolled in a series of Nutrition Coaching sessions that’s being offered through a local hospital’s fitness center. How can I confirm the quality of coaching from the “Certified Nutrition Coaches”?"
"My mom would always tell me that I need to drink a lot of water after having a Boost Pediasure or Ensure. I'm wondering if people actually do that?A lot of people that drink these protein shakes have a heavy workout routine. Those protein shakes are either for pre-workout or post-workout."
"In terms of calories nutrition etc."
"Scientists and chefs at the University of Reading are pioneering one of the biggest changes to UK food in generations. A new £2 million three-year project called ‘Raising the Pulse’ hopes to encourage consumers to switch to bread containing faba bean flour. Announced today in the Nutrition Bulletin journal the project is funded by UKRI Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council as part of their ‘Transforming UK Food Systems’ initiative. High in easily-digested protein fibre and iron the bean-rich bread would be healthier and less damaging to the environment. Hear from project lead Professor Julie Lovegrove Head of the Hugh Sinclair Unit of Human Nutrition at the University of Reading and find out more about the project at [Beans IN toast could revolutionise British diet - University of Reading](https://www.reading.ac.uk/news/2023/Research-News/Beans-IN-toast-could-revolutionise-British-diet) Is this the future of food? It’s certainly food for thought…"
"I read them and help your body has anyone tried?"
"What is the difference between dietary cholesterol and body cholesterol?"
"So I’m gonna list some awfully stupid questions here. Please don’t be rude I’m just trying to learn. So if someone has a basal metabolic rate (which if I understand is the calories they’d burn if they sat still all day doing LITERALLY NOTHING) is 2200. Then they burn an extra 400 with no exercise but walking around then they need to eat 2600 calories to maintain weight that day. And if they ate 750 less then over the course of 7 days they’d lose 1.5 pounds because 750*7=5250 lost calories. The inverse is also true if you are 750 extra a day right?With that out of the way… do all those lost calories actually burn weight/ extra calories go into fat? How does this relate to muscle growth? Since the example is not exercising other than light walking any extra calories would be turned into fat not muscle correct? I’m just trying to make sure I get this correct before I start learning other things about nutrition. Start with basics basically"
"i am curious. i know if you sauté veggies they lose a lot of their nutritional value - but if you cook them in a crock pot (ie chicken noodle soup) do the vitamins from the carrots celery onions etc. remain in the water or are they lost too?"
"Kind of a dumb question but what are the harmful biological side effects of energy drinks/artificial sweeteners? Bang and Alani Nu have 0-15 calories and 0 sugar per can. Other than messing up sleep schedule what harmful things do they do to your body? How do the chemicals in artificial sweeteners actually affect you?"
"How does a potato absorb water vs rice?Specifically a mashed potato"
"So i found different nutritional values in oatmeal (oat fleaks placed in water and boiled ) and just regular oats. Does boiling them in water cause any difference? I'm on a cut now and kinda need to know cus i love eating it"
"I am a dietetic student tasked with creating a blog focused on nutrition. I am looking for suggestions on trending topics people would like to know more about. Things that come to my mind include juicing cleanses low carb/keto and intermittent fasting. Any other recent trends people have heard about and would like to know more? Thanks!"
"So everybody knows the benefit of protein especially for muscles. But let's talk about protein suplements in sports. I think it's clear that (especially in bodybuilding/fitness) protein is suplemented in an high amount that would be difficult to eat everyday. How harmful is it consuming that much proteins? If I do it for some years does is raise the risk of something? I just can't immagine that eating (actually drinking) that much protein is good for your body but I'm no expert."
"Or is it more complicated heh"
"What happens to the vitamins in the boiled water that became steam?Extreme scenario: what happens if all water runs out?"
"Does allulose break a fast?"
"Like steroids let's say you're using something like glucosamine or creatine. If you take lots over the long run is it possible that your body will stop producing them naturally?"
"I'm looking for a good multivitamin that doesn't break the bank. Many recommend [nature made multi for him](https://www.naturemade.com/products/nature-made-mens-multi-tablets?variant=17610578427975) but it has gelatin. Is [theralogix solo](https://theralogix.com/products/solo-multivitamin-mineral-supplement) a good multivitamin?I researched the ingredients between the two and theralogix seems to be a better version of nature made (basing it on percent values absorption of the vitamins etc).&#x200B;Any help is appreciated."
"I’m trying to cut off dairy as I’m breastfeeding and it’s causing my baby much troubles … and I love milk 😫 literally i use it with everything.. looking for healthy substitute and yummy one with clean ingredients"
"I buy Turmeric from the local supermarket. it's always in the early stages of decomposition though. It's rarely dried. I freeze it to try to extend its life. I am however concerned that some of the nutrients and beneficial compounds might be destroyed or reduced by freezing. I know this is true of vitamin c and b6 (from what I've read) is it true for turmeric?"
"Hello Im new to this sub. I didnt know where to ask this and I figure this is a good place to do so;Gelatin is considered to be an 'incomplete protein' because it lacks the amino acid  tryptophan. So if you ate a large amount of gelatin in the form of something like pork rinds in addition to a high source of  tryptophan such as eggs would the gelatin in the pork rinds then be able to contribute to your protein intake as a 'complete protein?'Im sorry if this is a very easy question. But i googled it and couldnt find an answer. My intuition tells me "yes" but i literally dont know"
"Hello I was wondering if anybody could compare the FDA daily allowance label on a can of green beans to what a gulp of water from the Atlantic or Pacific ocean would provide if oceans had FDA labels.  Thanks!"
"Are pre-workouts really that dangerous? Keep seeing topic athletes having heart and liver issues is that a main cause of concern?"
"Has anyone taken the precision nutrition nutrition for metabolic health course? If so was it worth it?"
"I've been looking for an article or book to finally understand whats really in the food that I buy. for example the blow ingredients for a Thomas bagel.> Enriched Wheat Flour [Flour Malted Barley Flour Reduced Iron Niacin Thiamin Mononitrate (Vitamin B1) Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) Folic Acid] Water Sugar Yeast Wheat Gluten Salt Cornmeal Calcium Propionate And Sorbic Acid (to Preserve Freshness) Monoglycerides Cellulose Gum Citric Acid Xanthan Gum Soy ...I want a source to understand what the effects of each these are on the human body and generally what they even mean. I looked at the wiki and saw some books and material which are interesting but I'm not sure if they explain ingredients like "Monoglycerides" on everyday items. of course I could just google each but I was hoping there was something more comprehensive out there.also do y'all know of any journals or websites that post the latest nutrition facts for dummies?thx!"
"Dear redditorsMy question regards the Keto-Diet: To my understanding (and I am a medstudent and im currently studying metabolism of proteins fats carbohydrates etc.) we dont NEED to eat fats if we want to go on a keto-diet because acetyl-coA (which we need to produce the ketone bodies) is also produced by the catabolism of proteins.Now I have read on numerous sites that we need atleast 60% fats in the nutrition plan. But why?I am aware that of course the amount of protein that has to be eaten rises by reducing the amount of fats this is just a question as to why it is **necessary/essential** to eat fats.Thank you for your answers and have a nice day."
"If someone consumes way more than the DV of sodium (200% or more daily) how bad is that for the body?"
"Just what the title says. What foods help improve energy (reduce drowsiness maybe improve strength and alertness)? What foods do you avoid?"
"Is anyone able to boil dem enough to be very soft?"
"Which one is technically healthier? A raw almond or a roasted almond with no salt?"
"I don't know if this is the right place to post this but I'm going to try I'm looking into finding a good artificial sweetener that isn't too artificial I know that most stevias have dextrose in it and I know that dextrose leads to weight gain or is this true? What is the best sweetener I can use that isn't full of chemicals and ideally doesn't have dextrose if that's the case."
"I'm wondering if there's any books research or studies on the topic of nutrition needs over different climates or seasonal weather patterns?It seems possible that our food needs would change over the seasons but I don't know where to start to find resources. Thanks!"
"To be a nutrition consultant is a goal but taking a bachelors program isn't accessible to me at the moment. Looking for both short-term and long-term paths to becoming a nutritionist."
"I’m trying to find a good baked oats recipe that is vegan oil free and nut butter free but looks like that is all there is out there. Does anyone have some ideas on what I could use? Mashed banana is already in these recipes usually too. :/"
"for example  if you wake or get hungry 2-3 hours before you can eat breakfast or each meal sometimes 9-12 if hungry when sleepyNot necessarily daily but for weeks maybe indefinitely at a timeI used to be fast seeking food when hunger came but the unfulfilled hunger feeling feels a bit good not bad. Sometimes correlates with more vulnerability to emotional flooding but when it doesn't the feeling doesn't feel like a big deal just weird to be hungry and not eat. Is eating promptly or not feeling hungry too pressured in some cultures? what influenced me to wait was also abusey so what's more healthy or what are the consequences of each like waiting and its vulnerabilities or not waiting and its possibilities?"
"Hi allreading about the appropriate amount of protein intake I am getting really confused. From what I read online 35% of macros should ideally come from protein but other websites then suggest 2g/kg bodyweight.This differs a lot though. On a 2500 calorie diet 35% of calories from protein would be 875 calories and therefore 218g of protein (875/4 calories per gram).Taking the 2g/kg bodyweight approach at 65kg I would need to eat only 130g. Which is now correct can anyone offer some guidance?"
"So I've seen the absorption rates of Zinc from supplements; e.g. Picolinate is about 20% Citrate is about 30% etc.But I was wondering what the bioavailability of Zinc from food is and how this differs between different foods? I would imagine that the bioavailability of plant sources of Zinc (e.g. pumpkin seeds) would be lower but what about non-plant foods?e.g. 20g of canned oysters equates to approximately 20mg of Zinc but how much of the 20mg is actually used by the body? If the bioavailability from food is less than 100% should you only count the (approximate) absorbed part towards your daily Zinc count? e.g. if you use a Zinc Picolinate 50 mg tablet your body may only get about 20% of that zinc for use by your cells and so would only count for approx 10mg?"
"Is this a healthier alternatives?"
"Sometimes I enjoy making simple kind of soups like a little chicken onions potatoes etc..Anyone have some good recipes you like to do?"
"Is it harder for the digestive system to digest a 1000 calorie meal compared to two 500 calorie meal?"
"I know that diet/exercise goes hand to hand and everyone should implement both. But can you be healthy without exercise? Or exercise is a cheat code to be healthy?"
"They say that the human body is 99% made up of 6 elements: Oxygen Carbon Hydrogen Nitrogen Calcium and Phosphorous Another 5 elements make up 0.85%: Sulphur Potassium Sodium Chlorine and Magnesium. Would that mean that these would be the main sources we would need to supply the body with?[https://youtu.be/cF3IAMUrTmM](https://youtu.be/cF3IAMUrTmM)"
"I like to make a bowl of muesli with frozen berries in the evening pour in some oat or soy milk and then leave it in the fridge overnight for the berries to melt and the oats to get mushy.Recently I started wondering though if some nutrients are lost in the process of the berries soaking for 12 hours? 🤔(Not sure if it matters but the berries are strawberries bilberries red currants and lingonberries.)"
"I was told that eating bone is really good for the body as there’s lots of calcium that comes from it what other positives are there to eating bone either from chickens goat turkey etc."
"Not eating something because you are not familiar with it."
"My mom keeps on buying these ocean spray Cran-Apple juices because according to her they’re healthy which I highly doubt of course. It says 43% sugar (plus the added ones) and 100% vitamin C which kind of has me sold but I really think they’re not as healthy as the market portrays them to be. Zero fiber protein and oh 80mg of sodium which consumes 3%. Can someone explain it to me?"
"So we have Sodium and Potassium nitrate L-Arginine… What else?"
"Which in excess is worse when trying to lower body fat % sugar/added sugar or sodium?"
"From what I've researched it seems like science isn't against microwaves but I've also seen claims that microwaving is bad for nutrients.  What's your take?"
"Is there a difference nutrition wise? Maybe one is more potent than the other or the other way around?"
"I was checking the Cronometer profiles for sweetened soy milk and unsweetened soy milk and I realized there's a bigger amount of Choline in sweetened soy milk (23.6mg for each 100ml) than in the unsweetened one (8.4mg for each 100ml). Other nutrients vary too but I'm interested in Choline.Is Cronometer accurate with this? If so why is there such a difference? Is it maybe that the process to remove sugar (accidentally?) gets rid of Choline as well?Thanks..Edit: I'd appreciate a quality content I still haven't gotten a single one lmao."
"And I’m not talking about the carnivore stuff and all that. I’m referring to the whole using clean meat as a centerpiece of the diet but bolstered by other animal products like butter and eggs as well as fruits like avocados berries watermelon red peppers etc.Edit: a couple more staples for those who don’t know: honey organ meats raw dairy like kefirEdit: thanks for the comments y’all. Clearly there is no consensus and that’s totally ok! Great discussion"
"Many kiwi packages advertise that kiwis are high in fiber. However I’m wondering if the bulk of the fiber is in that fuzzy skin part or is there a decent amount of fiber in the green flesh? I know the fuzzy skin is edible I just really don’t like it."
"Does Clear Whey have the same Bioavailability as normal Whey Isolate? Or less?On a side note: Does anyone have recommendations for good tasting Protein powders that are not too sweet?"
"If you are trying to move from a meat-based diet to a plant-based diet or simply want to replace a specific product from your diet that needs to have for example the same amount of protein carbs or magnesium how do you usually find such food product?It would be quite easy to replace food products if there is a website where you can put for example "bacon" and it shows you all the nutritional data about it + other food that has similar nutritional values to it. That way you wouldn't have to "guess" your way about the nutrition of every available food item to find a match."
"When someone is plant based a lot of their protein intake arrives with a heavy carb load which makes it difficult to stay low carb (beans and lentils) It seems like the only way to maintain a very lean and athletic figure is to eat more protein than carbs but can it be done despite a heavy carb load?"
"I know all nutrients are needed but is their any that are specific/more important for the function of sodium other than other electrolytes?"
"I love throwing lots of fruits and veggies into my smoothies. Blueberry strawberry broccoli spinach carrot etc.I usually buy fresh but I just realised frozen is so much cheaper ??? Fresh is often 2-3x more expensive in my stores. Why is it so much cheaper and is it as healthy as eating fresh fruits/veggies? It all tastes the same in smoothies I make lol"
"I recently came across a diet/lifestyle based on nuts and fruits that does not involve any cooking [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5C5jWoC_CXQ) (it's not in English).Here's my notes/summary: * Wake up at 4 am.* Do meditation and yoga.* Drink water twice before 10 am.* 300 ml of mango juice at 10 am. Drink slowly sipping it for 10 - 15 min.* Eat twice a day. Diet consists of     * Seeds/nuts   * Fruits or dry fruits* Between 11 am to 12 pm have **lunch**:     * raw peanuts   * tender coconut 1 cup. If this is not available substitute with a dry nut   * soaked (if possible) nuts mixed with ripe dates:        * 4 to 5 macadamia nuts      * 2 brazil nuts      * 6 hazelnuts      * pinenuts   * 2 dried figs (sometimes)   * seasonal fruits like guava* A glass of coconut water at 4:30 pm.* **Dinner** at 5 pm (finish before 6:30 pm):     * pumpkin seeds - soaked   * sunflower seeds - soaked   * 25 almonds - soaked   * pistachios - soaked   * blackberries   * blueberries   * long dry grapes (raisins)   * 4 to 5 prunes   * 2 apricots   * 1 fruit[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fruitarianism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fruitarianism) says:>Fruitarianism is a diet related to veganism that consists primarily of consuming fruits and possibly nuts and seeds but without any animal products. Fruitarian diets are subject to criticism and health concerns.  >  >…A fruitarian diet may increase the risk of nutritional deficiencies such as reduced intake of vitamin B12 calcium iron zinc omega-3 or protein.So my question is does Dr. Manthena's method in the linked video address the above concern of nutritional deficiencies?There are several negative comments to his video but they are about how expensive this "sage diet" is.Thanks in advance."
"Do you think is a good idea to boil pumpkin seeds for a long time for better digestion?"
"Hi sub-redHope all well today. I'm really curious about this idea that the body has a preferred weight where it is comfortable and that it will largely revert to that weight even after periods of weight gain or weight loss. Anecdotally I'm sure we can all think of people we know who eat intuitively and basically maintain exactly the same bodyweight for years on end. Conversely there are some people who go to huge efforts to diet to gain or lose weight and then end up going back to where they started. Some people also report signficant increases in hunger and appetite when in even a slight calorie deficit and a strong fullness response when overeating.But I've never seen any real scientific evidence about this. What are your thoughts? Thanks!"
"I saw this guy on the internet claiming to have 100g of fiber a day. I am curious as to how this could even be achievable. I know about Chia seeds but even then one serving is only 10g."
"Nutrition of canned/jarred Hearts of Palm ? Can't buy them fresh.......Referring to the negative category of processed foods explained by Dr. Andrew Huberman within the topic of Nutrition"
"From what I understand it considers the influence in metabolic rate but does it consider calories consumed during execution?"
"Obviously they shouldn’t be the only thing you eat but as a snack from time to time isn’t bad right?"
"So i think we all know gaining losing or maintaining weight is all based on energy expenditure calories but I have a curious question. If someone need say 3000 calories to maintain their weight and they straight up eat 3000 calories of carbs in one meal would they end up periodically gaining and losing fat throughout the day due to the fact that this would exceed the amount of glycogen that can be stored in the body of course it depends on how much the specific person can store but lets just assume they cannot store all of it."
"Hi there. I'm coming across contradictory information online so I thought you might be able to help me find the right answer.Basically I'm trying to discern what the correct balance (if there is such a thing) between carbohydrates and fats intake has to be. Common wisdom I've come across seems to suggest that an appropriate balance would have to be something like 50% carbos and 30% fats (exact proportions may vary but generally sources seem to suggest more carbohydrates than fat). However should that be certain I am unaware as to whether that proportion refers to the quantity of food in grams or to the calories since 30% of fat in grams would represent more calories than 50% of carbohydrates in grams / your preferred unit of measurement.Don't know whether I got to make myself clear but I am really puzzled and can't seem to find a solution. I mean I wouldn't want to demonize fats either; if the source of calories does not matter all that much I guess getting more fats would be okay."
"I make black bean soup in my instant pot using 1lb of dry black beans and five cups of super gelatinous homemade chicken stock along with some onions garlic and spices.  I understand that it doesn’t matter if I “complete” my proteins in same meal vs doing it throughout the day but I am just curious.  I am asking in context of trying to build muscle."
"So picked up this can of tuna from my local store. Its their own brand Tuna and using it purely for the protein for bodybuilding. But 20g per 65g seems quite a lot no? Link to pic below show nutritional info from back of tin. https://imgur.com/a/nRNRmWLMost places seem to quote 20g per 100g for canned tuna."
""If you have risk factors for heart disease you should not consume more than 200 milligrams of cholesterol a day. If you do not have risk factors for heart disease you should limit your cholesterol intake to no more than 300 milligrams a day." - UCSF HealthBut 100g of chicken liver has 563mg of cholesterol? How is this study any accurate?"
"I really love how it's high protein and zero sugar but I'm having a hard time trying to figure out if it's actually yogurt. I wonder if it really have more benefits than the actual protein."
"Why is this exactly? The brand I bought last time had 0 calories and from what I’ve always known creatine monohydrate doesn’t have calories."
"I'm not sure of a better way to word this but I'm trying to make sure my toddler is getting enough vegetables in his diet. We offer them as a normal vegetable e.g. steamed roasted grilled. Sometimes he eats them but most of the time it's a no. There are a lot of recipes for muffins and pancakes that use grated sweet potatoes beets zucchini etc. and I'm wondering if vegetables this way count and are still a good source of nutrition. I'm making an effort to go with recipes that are lower in sugar if that makes a difference."
"Do you eat potatoes regularly?"
"What nutrition database do you swear by? Maybe I’m looking in the wrong places but I can’t seem to find a database that provides all the macronutrient information for fresh food (foods without nutrition labels). I’d prefer not to pay an app subscription for access to this information."
"What is the verdict here? Is it considered a healthy form of white bread or is just the name that is fooling customers?"
"Example I compare two different brands of Broccoli:[https://www.birdseye.com/sites/g/files/qyyrlu756/files/images/products/broccoli-florets-54082.png](https://www.birdseye.com/sites/g/files/qyyrlu756/files/images/products/broccoli-florets-54082.png)[https://images.costcobusinessdelivery.com/ImageDelivery/imageService?profileId=12028466&imageId=1217608\_\_1&recipeName=350](https://images.costcobusinessdelivery.com/ImageDelivery/imageService?profileId=12028466&imageId=1217608__1&recipeName=350)According to the USDA national nutrient database for standard reference (and a Youtube channel called Talon Fitness) Broccoli has things like Vitamin K over 100% of the daily value needed... yet most (if not all) brands I see don't even list things like that at all in the Nutritional Facts.What am I missing here? It's just inconsistent.P.S. This is not a post for debating but a post for gaining clarification."
"Heyy everyone! Are there any books you can recommend to learn about nutrition? I love cooking and am really curious to know more about what certain foods contain and how these substances affect the body. I know there is a lot to learn in the internet but for me books are the most effective way of acquiring knowledge( I am aware that this differs a lot for different people). Its also fine if the book is a bit thicker or hard to read I like to take my time. It just needs to be filled with useful information. Thank you very much in advance!"
"Does anyone of you know whether there's any opportunity to get an online certification to become a nutritionist/diestist? Any course? Any certification recognized internationaly?"
"What is meant by bioavailability? Does anyone evaluate bioavailability of the foods they eat when calculating their nutrition for the day?"
"I’m aware that carbs are not good for avoiding tiredness but I don’t know what else go avoid? Protein?"
"Trying to make better choices around grains and I really like barley but my local supermarket only carries Goya which is pearled. If I have a choice between pearled barley or white pasta is pearled barley still a better option because of the nutrient profile OR does it not make much of a difference since at the end of the day neither are whole grains?"
"Apple cider vinegar comes to mind because it has live bacteria but I’m curious what other liquids people consume daily for health benefits?"
"Just wondered how we got to know what each vitamin does in our bodies like vitamin A for example which is supposed to be good for eye health.Wouldn't it be pretty hard to conclude this by studies? How can one control for other variables?"
"I have noticed with bags of dried beans different bags will have the EXACT same macros and serving sizes while there will be a fairly large difference in calories because one will not count the calories from fiber while another will. Although the ones that do not subtract fiber often match with the USDA's listing. Kinda confused here why do they subtract that many calories from the total?Examples:[Target's pinto beans](https://www.target.com/p/dry-pinto-beans-1lb-good-38-gather-8482/-/A-54602291#lnk=sametab) have a calorie density of 2.28 calories per gram while the [USDA](https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/fdc-app.html#/food-details/175199/nutrients) listing for them has it at 3.57."
"I know that the peel is nutritious and for that reason I never peel potatoes and I try not to always peel carrots. But I wonder how much of a difference it actually makes? Does anyone know something more specific about this?"
"Hello!I'm wondering how it is possible that two noodles of different brands Vifon and IndoMie (I can't post a picture but google) that are really the same thing - chicken noodles 60gr i.e. 75gr differ so much in calories.Vifon noodles have 40 calories per 60gr  i.e. 60 calories per 100gr. IndoMie noodles have 467 calories per 100gr.Is it possible that Vifon messed up something w their nutrition facts or could the reason actually be the difference in type of wheat used for noodles?I'm really curious!!"
"I’m aware that most veggies and fruits are like this however wherever I look online I feel like I see that every grain or meat I assumed was healthy causes some disease or another. Please recommend the grains and meats that you know are least linked to negative health effects"
"Pork is often one of the last options people pick when choosing between meats. What do you think is the reason (apart from religious beliefs). It’s often one of the cheapest options and there are many lean cuts available."
"I'm not particularly convinced seed oils are the devil but I do just use EVOO for everything I can to be safe since no one seems to disagree that it's good for you.However there are some uses where EVOO or avocado oil are completely inappropriate and ruin the dish.For example a stir fry - you need something that holds up at high heat and has a neutral taste. This is not true of either EVOO or avocado oil so I've been swapping back and forth between canola oil and sunflower oil.I've read other threads where people suggest avocado oil is a good neutral tasting oil but... it's not neutral tasting at all unless it's refined - and everyone tends to say refined oils are bad too!What gives? Is refined olive oil or refined avocado oil still better than a seed oil like canola or sunflower oil?"
"I've noticed the topic of anti nutrients popping up more and more often in my research mostly regarding phytate/ tannins/ lectins/ saponins and how they can interfere with the bioavailability of nutrients along with other effects.This has added yet another layer of confusion to my knowledge surrounding nutrition - fun!I'd love to learn more about this and don't think I've spotted it in discussion much in this sub."
"What are your thoughts on whole wheat bread?  A good part of a diet or better to be avoided?"
"For example that even after eating a big healthy meal stomach full of it you still feel like you want to eat something else which is generally considered unhealthy. When we have the feeling that we need to eat something salty does that actually mean our body is asking for more salt because it lacks?"
"So I’ve been trying to eat healthier overall and thought I was doing pretty good until I keep seeing all these videos popping up on YouTube talking about how we shouldn’t eat vegetables and that most of them like kale spinach broccoli ect all contain toxins harmful to our digestive systems (see carnivore md paul saladino channel) but then there are channels like AthleanX that say half your plate SHOULD contain green vegetables…which is it?"
"what do you guys think about cooking with the liquid gold that is bacon grease vs butter vs olive oil?"
"Ok so not to be a spaz but I’ve been drinking like 6 cans a day of this stuff daily for months as a 5’11 - 145lb (180cm / 65kg) woman.I’ve not noticed any negatives. I like the taste and it makes not snacking a breeze. I thought the jury was still out but generally in favor of stevia as a sweetener (I get that there’s a lot of mixed and inconclusive studies regarding gut microbiome - some even specifying benefit - as far as I’ve skimmed).But goodness what are the concerns for so generously exceeding the recommended dose? And yes. Stoping immediately."
"Have been looking online and really struggling to find one:/ would really appreciate any suggestions! I am in Canada :-)"
"Does anyone incorporate the red band in the activity center? You know the 3 colors red (activity) blue (stand) and green (exercise).So the red lists my total calories used per day.  Do you subtract that from your diet?Or does that include normal body functions and should be just ignored in relation to the diet?"
"Can I use homemade oat flour for oatmeal instead of regular oats?"
"Usually smoothies end up being ice cold or atleast moderately cold. Will drinking that everyday not screw up your system or something? (If u say heat them up i will come at u)"
"Hey peopleA really awesome guy recommended me the following book: MICRONUTRITION ET NUTRITHERAPIE : SYNTHESE GENERALE A L'ATTENTION DES PROFESSIONNELS DE SANTE 2e Ed: 2e EDITION By Jerome Manetta.Sadly I can only find a french version of this book. Does anyone know if there is a(n unofficial) translation or an similar book? Looks like this book is toptier stuff.Thanks for every bit of help"
"My wife and I were discussing Trace mineral drops the other day after I watched a Tiktok touting it's benefits.  Sadly at the end of the video the drops she was suggesting were "available on her website" and that immediately put up red flags for me.When I search for mineral drops it's all advertisements and thebarticles suggest the "10 best nutrional products" is also just advertising in my mind.Lastly the Vitamin/supplement industry is rife with fraud leading me to believe that most products sold under that label are fake or at the very least "not as advertised".  So where can I find credible information regarding nutrients supplements?  Or credible products as well?  I know there are good products out there but in an age where information has been corrupted/politicized/monetized its extremely hard to know what is authentic and what is phony.Thank you for any help!"
"3 bananas comum 2 e meia colher de sopa de nescal 250/300ml de leite desnatado 1 colhee de sopa de leite em pó marca lacta bati tudo no mixerqueria saber a quantidade de nutrientes como carboidratos proteínas entre outras"
"I understand there’s bacteria growing in my milk past expiration but is it really that bad for my gut? I don’t mind the taste or odor especially if it’s chocolate or skim (less microbe growth). Obviously there’s a point where we hit critical mass but until that point I’m not hurting myself am I?Edit: Ok it looks like nobody’s reported any chronic health effects but food poisoning is a much bigger risk than I previously thought. I’ve never gotten sick from bad milk but that sounds like a classic case of optimism bias. Thank you for all the nice comments."
"I find it so confusing. The more I learn the more complex it gets. Also of course there are different options like Mediterranean paleo etc.  For me trying to mix in vegetables is always important as well as avoiding oily foods. What do you like to follow for ideas for diet and foods to eat regularly?Thanks"
"Hello&#x200B;I teach Nutrition at a high school and I am planning a nutrition label scavenger hunt at two different grocery stores--one with more organic products and one with more conventional.I easily could come up with a ton of products for them to compare but I was wondering if anyone had any they thought would be particularly surprising or exciting for them to compare.I am not giving them a specific brand I just ask that they don't pick the same brand from the store. So I would writeCo+op Corn Flakes-Nutrition Information-Product NameQuillins Corn Flakes -Nutrition Information-Product NameEtc. The Co+Op mostly has organic options and Quillin’s is more conventional. Hope that isn't too convoluted I just want them to compare products and get experience reading labels but thought people here might have some input for which products they compare."
"Welcome to the weekly [r/Nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nutrition/) feature post for questions related to your personal diet and circumstances. Wondering if you are eating too much of something not enough of something or if what you regularly eat has the nutritional content you want or need? Ask here.**Rules for Questions*** You MAY NOT ask for advice that at all pertains to a specific medial condition. Consult a physician dietitian or other licensed health care professional.* If you do not get an answer here you still may not create a post about it. Not having an answer does not give you an exception to the Personal Nutrition posting rule.**Rules for Responders*** Support your claims.* Keep it civil.* Keep it on topic - This subreddit is for discussion about nutrition. Non-nutritional facets of food are even off topic. * Let moderators know about any issues by using the report button below any problematic comments."
"Between whole grain whole wheat seed oatnut other etc. Looking for macro and micronutrient profiles *not* low-cal specifically."
"If it says: per 1/2 cup is that referring to half a cup of dried noodles or 1/2 of cooked noodles?"
"If one happens to indulge in several junk food during let's say a special occasion or social event how do they minimize the trigger for more unhealthy cravings afterwards?"
"Question above"
"I wondered if anyone had a good overview/could summarise what the benefits are of fermented foods and how often we should eat them? I have heard a lot of good stuff so wanted to get your thoughts also any negatives if there are any?"
"I never saw people talk about this anywhere tbh"
"Does anyone know the macros/nutritional facts for this? I'm meal prepping and want to keep track of my calories."
"Does someone know any tasty and healthy spices but like real spices not some Brand™?"
"What’s stopping me from roasting soya beans and grinding it into a powder and adding it to my drinks to make a diy protien powder. Soya Beans have said to have around 25g protein in 50g of soy.Any suggestions/advice?"
"There is an increasing body of research concluding that gut microbiome strongly effects a lot of aspects of our bodies – composition weight mood mental clarity etc.What changes our gut microbiome?"
"https://vt.tiktok.com/ZS8h2MDvJ/Something about this tiktok seems off to me - drinking 1 tablespoon salt in water a day?"
"How to decide which is the most nutritious food from the below parameters for a packaged food product ?The parameters are as follows :* Calories* Total Fat G* Trans Fat G* Saturated Fat G* Sodium Mg* Total Carbohydrates G* Cholesterol Mg* Dietary Fibre G* Sugars G* Protein G* Vitamin A Dv* Vitamin C Dv* Calcium Dv* Iron Dv* Caffeine Mg"
"I am new to MyFitnessPal and I have found online and in the app that blueberries have 0.5 grams of total fat. When adding all of the specific fats together though the total is only 0.32g. Is the USDA wrong? Or is there some other type of fat other than trans saturated polyunsaturated and monounsaturated not labeled?&#x200B;(Direct link to source) [https://www.mydietmealplanner.com/calorie-counter/fruit/berries/total-fat-in-1-cup-berri-blueberries.html](https://www.mydietmealplanner.com/calorie-counter/fruit/berries/total-fat-in-1-cup-berri-blueberries.html)"
"I was looking at hemp protein powders and I was comparing two options of the same brand. 'Hemp yeah; max fiber' has 13g of protein and the only ingredient was hemp protein powder. 'Hemp yeah; max protein' has 20g of protein and the two ingredients are hemp protein powder and natural oregano extract. As far as I know oregano is just an herb and probably has a lot of vitamins or antioxidants but I never would have guess it was a big source of protein. How would oregano extract being the only difference between the two supplements equate to 7g more protein?"
"How can you get the recommended 550mg (for men) of Choline in a plant-based diet? Some of the plant foods that contain Choline are broccoli and soy products (tofu soy milk etc) but it seems like they don't have enough of it in order to get to the recommended 550mg of daily intake consistently. Am i missing something important?Also are Choline supplements effective?"
"As the title. Along that line are there any common tropes or red flags that I should be wary of? Conversely are there any online sources that this community considers to be highly reliable and trustworthy?"
"Simply as that — there are so many and they all seem important. I see everyone mentioning "magnesium" in their must take daily vits and I wonder which kind do you all take/suggest to take?&#x200B;Cheers!"
"So I want to use oat flour for smoothies but where I live they only sell max protein oat flour/powder. Which contains added minerals such as pottasium and magnesium.My problem is that they dont tell you the amount of added minerals anywhere. So wanted to know if someone knows if the amount of added minerals is limited or what could be the amount added.Sorry for my english."
"Eating constantly (literally taking Bites every five minutes) for 6 hours with only a short break occasionally)Evening OMAD (4 pm)By this I mean for Blood Sugar and insulin response."
"What is more inflammatory: gluten sugar alcohol or dairy?"
"I’ve read so much on nutrition that my head feels like it is going to explode. The thing that sucks the most is there is no general consensus of what the “ideal” human diet is.I’ve heard arguments for keto paleo veganism Mediterranean carnivore diet etc.The crappy thing is that I can understand arguments for each school of thought. It also doesn’t help that each teacher preaches their lifestyle and the “true” way. I wish there was a person or resource who is truly a centrist and can give pros and cons to each diet out there.Redditors how do you navigate the information overload?"
"Salmon and fatty fishes support longevity what are the active components in them?"
"Hi all -Looking for some good books/podcasts/YT videos etc to engage with. I am keen on learning more about how certain foods effect the body how to optimise performance and keeping a balanced lifestyle. Does anyone have any recommendations?"
"HelloWhat brand would you recommend that have a high DHA+EPA dose for vegans that need Omega 3?Thanks a lot!"
"How come roasting thing makes them carcinogen but roasting coffee is fine? ?"
"If something is advertised as “sugar free” is that referring only to sucrose does it still has high-fructose corn syrup?"
"Lets say a person follows diet with target amount of nutrients and calories per day with a goal to gain weight while working out.If that person have a day when they get up late and go sleep early that means they are significantly less time awake than normally should they still meet their nutrients goal?Because eating all the food planned for f.e. 16 hour long work day in a day that lasts f.e. 8 hours can be quite challanging also people burn less calories when at sleep that when they are awake and doing everyday activities."
"I see a lot of posts across different social media platforms promoting the idea of skipping breakfast entirely(outside your daily coffee of course😋). Basically the idea is intermittent fasting but I’m just curious if there are actual benefits to this both short and long term."
"For example I made healthier muffins with even less sugar than the recipe called for and still the sugar content equals to more than 3 Chips Ahoy cookies. Why is that the cookies taste more sugary and is homemade actually better for you despite the higher sugar. I also just have a hard time believing they were able to make these grocery store snacks with so little sugar."
"Any insights as to whether Omega 3 may help with the absorption of Piascledine (a supplement from soyabean oil unsaponifiables and specific avocado oil unsaponifiables)?"
"Yay or nay? Can someone who has tried this give me some tips if it helps? Thanks!"
"Is it because they are not tasty or they dont digest correctly compared to raw carrots? Why only raw carrots basically? Or maybe they are good to eat raw?"
"Is there basically like a blueprint/template available online that has the least possible required foods and natural supplementation to meet the required amount for all the vitamins and minerals needed by the human body?I'd rather not eat over 100 foods just to hit the benchmark lol is there like a variety of good sources that have a "all in one" type effect similar to beef liver for example to make sure that I'm hitting every vitamin/mineral across the board?(Sorry if this has been asked before couldn't find a good post about it.)"
"Pretty much the title. I’m trying to crest some recipes that need to follow a particular levels of specific minerals so so thing I can use to save me the time of doing it the long way would be awesome"
"Regarding the quality and price of the food"
"Given the body produces antioxidants alpha lipoic acid and glutathione ( https://www.health.harvard.edu/staying-healthy/understanding-antioxidants#:~:text=Your%20body's%20cells%20naturally%20producehave%20antioxidant%20properties%20as%20well.) Do we need additional antioxidants from plants and if so which plant based sources are best utilised in the human body?"
"Which health benefits do you gain from your choices?"
"I want more options than just Ragusea."
"Hello all I’m looking to really get back into clean eating and lifting. However I don’t have a ton of money and time to spend on meal prep so do you guys have any ideas on (somewhat) cheap meals that are quick to make that help for making gains? Thank you"
"What’s xxx besides sleep and time to recover? Is there a vitamin or supplement to assist with physical energy?"
"I know this a fairly hotly debated topic as well as one discussed in the past on this sub. However the most recent post on the subject is several years old and new studies may have been released. On the subject of nitrates in processed meats (specially turkey products in my case as I do not eat pork). Is the general consensus at this point in time there is not enough information to make a solid correlation to colorectal cancer? I have seen many articles saying eating processed meat daily can increase your risk by as much as 18%. However eating processed meats is also generally associated with an all around unhealthy diet. Is this more the situation causation does not equal correlation as there are other factors at work? Additionally I have read that consuming vitamin C actually reduces the conversion of nitrosamines from nitrates. Is there solid evidence to back this up? For example if someone ensures they consume their DRI of Vitamin C would this mitigate the risk at all or completely?I'd love to hear everyone's opinions and where they stand on this subject based on the research currently available. I love chicken and turkey Sausages as well as turkey lunch meat but I have stopped eating them almost completely due to my fear on this. I know everything should be generally okay in moderation but regardless."
"So what are some biases that affect nutrition that aren't related to nutrition?  I think we need to realize these biases especially in ourselves and  Beware of them in others. Personal taste. Some people just really like eating meat fat sugar bread etc. Studies are going to have an uphill battle convincing people to accept evidences that seem wholly unpalatable. Environmental concerns. There are a lot of people that push non-meat diets for reasons that have nothing to do with nutrition but because they believe that eating meat hurts the environment.  This should be completely unrelated to nutrition.Ethical concerns about eating animals. There seem to be some people that push plant-based diets or vegan or vegetarian diets due to the fact that they think that eating animals is morally wrong.  This should be completely unrelated to nutrition.What else am I missing??"
"Diets have come and gone over the years and all connect with some sort of idea that eating needs to be “one way only.” What myths are still floating out there?"
"From 2016 but doesn't seem to have been posted anywhere on Reddit yet:https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2016/03/30/cornell-study-finds-some-people-may-be-genetically-programmed-to-be-vegetarians/Link to study:https://academic.oup.com/mbe/article/33/7/1726/2578764The key takeaway being find out what works for you instead of blindly following the advice of others (or imposing yours on them):> But this new study funded by the National Institutes of Health and the U.S. Department of Agriculture shows that different people may need radically different ratios of the substances in their diet depending on their genes and it supports the growing evidence against a one-size-fits-all approach to nutrition and for highly personalized advice."
"e.g. a dog that eats 700cal/day but is more active on certain days or someone with a workout routine"
"Before I get downvoted to hell i just want to see if y’all noticed any benefits with a low vs high carb diet. Of course this comes with the assumption that it’s minimally processed and full of variety not a processed and crappy diet."
"Anyone familiar with it?"
"I have a question that’s the result of a shower thought.They say you’re supposed to eat fruits and vegetables every day because they’re good for you. Well if you wanted to would dehydrating vegetables and blending them up into a powder and then adding it into foods work? Like is the freshness where the nutrients come from? I can elaborate if it doesn’t make sense but now I’m really curious"
"I was listening to the Stronger by Science podcast and Eric Trexler recommended Sigma Nutrition's three part series about dietary fat cholesterol and CVD risk. It's the most thorough outline on this topic that I've seen so I thought I'd share.Part 1: [Cholesterol Lipoproteins & Lipids: Understanding CVD Risk](https://sigmanutrition.com/lipids/)Part 2: [The Impact of Diet on Blood Lipids](https://sigmanutrition.com/diet-on-lipids/)Part 3: [How Diet Influences Heart Disease Risk](https://sigmanutrition.com/diet-cvd/)Personally I've been trying to understand why there seems to be such a vocal pro-saturated fat (maybe anti-anti-saturated fat is more accurate) team here and on social media clashing with what majority of health authorities recommend. These articles cleared a lot of it up for me."
"I can't seem to find any reliable source for these ingredients. I'm searching mainly on government nutritional database such as USDA Food Data Central but with no luck."
"I’ve been enjoying the 7-select Go!smart juices but am a little iffy on how long it’s shelf life is. Bought one today that’s set to expire late 2024 no preservatives in nutrition label. I know ph and climate effects shelf life any other way this is possible?"
"Looking for science backed knowledge!! I always choose aspartame over sugar (glucose & fructose) when it comes to coffee sodas etc if cane sugar is not available.What is the science behind aspartame and does it cause cancer as people state is there any other health implications TIA."
"Taste is no longer a factor. What are the most purely nutritious meals you can think of?"
"What is the white solid layer that forms on top of organic raw honey?"
"It tastes very sweet yet supposedly it is neutral to the body not being harmful or beneficial. Is it too good to be true by actually having harmful effects? Also why is it not commonplace like sugar?"
"Or is it a myth?"
"Hi team does anybody have any useful references regarding the number and quality of polyphenols in dried hibiscus (raw form without additional processing)? Bonus points if there's anything regarding the wider health impactSorry in advance that this is a bit niche..."
"I forgot to lower the temperature and left them in the oven at 200 c/392 f for 30 minutes. Should I assume that the enzymes are destroyed?https://caloriebee.com/diets/Food-Enzyme-FactsAccording to this they are destroyed at 150 f but it doesn’t say how long it takes."
"It’s said that 6-8 ounces of liquid during meals is alright but what about for people on liquid diets?  What about smoothies?  What about watermelon?And aren’t there any exceptions?  Like sauerkraut juice or various acidic drinks that could aid with digestion?"
"I'd really like to switch from capsules to powder for most of my supplements.I just want to know what kind of scales and weighing vessels (like weigh boats) you guys use to weigh out your supps?"
"I hope I can ask this question in this sub. I’m trying to track the vitamins i get from food. I was told that Tart Cherry Juice is an excellent source of Vitamin A & C. Then when I look at the bottle of organic tart cherry juice - it says it has none of these vitamins. Do nutritional labels just not include all the beneficial nutrients it contains? What’s the deal"
"Mainly use for smoothies but still want a more natural and solid tasting powder. Any recommendations?"
"I'm growingly worried about the quality of ingredients I'm buying in UK supermarkets. Apples for example are polished and waxed etc. Does anybody have any insight on these sorts of processes for fruit veg and meats and their impact on the nutrition value they hold? Maybe I'm a little paranoid but so much food lacks authentic flavour IMO and most also lack the smell you'd assume they'd have. Also are there alternative places to buy fresh ingredients that stand out to you if you are UK based?"
"Just wanted to highlight how Reducing Friction is a huge part of following through not just New Year Resolutions but keeping our promise to ourselves.  Some quick tips:* Fruit-prep and keep it frozen & handy for your morning smoothie* Keep your gym gear ready for your run* Keep your calendar hours blocked off for the project you're working on  What other 'Reduce Friction' you got? Add it here!"
"Welcome to the weekly [r/Nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nutrition/) feature post for questions related to your personal diet and circumstances. Wondering if you are eating too much of something not enough of something or if what you regularly eat has the nutritional content you want or need? Ask here.**Rules for Questions*** You MAY NOT ask for advice that at all pertains to a specific medial condition. Consult a physician dietitian or other licensed health care professional.* If you do not get an answer here you still may not create a post about it. Not having an answer does not give you an exception to the Personal Nutrition posting rule.**Rules for Responders*** Support your claims.* Keep it civil.* Keep it on topic - This subreddit is for discussion about nutrition. Non-nutritional facets of food are even off topic. * Let moderators know about any issues by using the report button below any problematic comments."
"Can oats have negative health effects for healthy individuals that consume oats everyday for a long time in a well balanced diet?"
"What does more damage to public health alcohol consumption or (full sugar) soda consumption?"
"I bought a bag of organic sprouted oats from Costco. What effect does the sprouting have on the nutritional quality of the oats? I just wonder if this is a product I should continue to seek out or if I am just as well getting regular large flaked oats."
"Does the hunger you feel goes away as the body adapts?"
"Has there ever been in any controversy behind the reputability of Great Value (Walmart brand) of foods? They tend to be cheaper and if they’re the same in every way as the brand name stuff I’d prefer that but I don’t know if I trust the accuracy of their nutrition and ingredients"
"According to Cronometer 100 g of canola oil contains 9.1 g of omega-3 and 18.6 g of omega-6. 100 g of olive oil contains 0.8 g of omega-3 and 9.8 g of omega-6.So canola oil contains more omega-3 than olive oil AND it has a better omega-3/omega-6 ratio. So why does canola oil have such a bad reputation compared to olive oil?"
"What kind of nutritionist should I go to for a specific health issue?Regular nutritionist? Nutritional therapy?  Functional Nutrition? Which do you recommend?Happy New Year:)"
"what’s a healthy/healthier alternative to pop/soda? i know that the best thing to drink is water but i want something that tastes good and is similar (EDIT: as in comparable to pop) to replace drinking soda all the timeedit: i don’t drink alcohol or coffeeedit: thanks for the suggestions guys! i have a lot of options :)"
"In the spirit of New Years what is the single biggest game changer you can make to your diet (with the goal of feeling better more energetic simply good for you etc)? Addition or subtraction."
"It’s often not a lack of education that stands in between me and good health"
"I'm in Vietnam and for calories it shows 2 numbers. I thought one was kcal and one kjoules however the numbers seem off if thats the case.For example this dark chocolate reads 428-800 so if 428 was the calories per 100g that seems a lot lower than most other brands.https://www.google.com/search?q=henk+dark+chocolate+calories&client=ms-android-samsung-ss&prmd=isnv&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwj37vOBsqb8AhVX1zgGHdNvAvcQ_AUoAXoECAIQAQ&biw=360&bih=601&dpr=3#imgrc=dwk0GXvyf3lGmM"
"I came across this website today and I can't find any information about their program. It's obviously either a scam or something stupid and obvious but I'm still curious.https://www.disruptivenutrition.com/"
"I'm confused between what you can read on calorie deficit vs. what you can read on fasting.Let's take a male with a TDEE of 2.000 kcals who wants to lose weight.Scenario A:  Eats 1.000 kcals every day for a week and do some of exercises and burn 3.000 kcals a day.  Calorie deficit of 2.000. So for one week: 14.000 kcals.  According to everything I could find online this is bad.   It's an extreme calorie deficit you shouldn't eat under a certain amount you shouldn't have a calorie deficit above a certain amount etc....  Scenario B:  Fast for a week but do nothing.  Calorie deficit of 2.000.  So for one week: 14.000 kcals.  Fasting ? Well  you see praise everywhere. It's going to boost this and that....suddenly the extreme calorie deficit is not a problem.Why is that ?  The only difference I could find online is that everybody says that fasting for a long period must be medically controlled.  Does that mean that under the right circunstances Scenario A is perfectly acceptable for certain individuals ?"
"I have read that ginger is very good for stimulating digestion and stomach emptying. I am curious how this works?"
"Hi! I'd like to read about the calculated macro/micros necesary to follow a "fatty liver disease diet" (which from what I understood is a version of a ketogenic diet?) Any name of good research paper guide or book to go off from would be appreciated! Thank you!"
"On my container of Hood- Heavy Cream it says 0g of protein on the label.. but if its made with milk and cream is typically 35% milk fat how can there be zero protein? Maybe they decided to not even put the 'less than 1 g' part?  Could they have removed all of the protein in this brand or others?How much protein should there be?  I have much more than the serving size when i have  heavy cream."
"I was looking at putting them uncooked in a smoothie but unsure if that actually works."
"So I’ve seen in movies/cartoons and stuff that astronauts get their nutrients from pills. . . But is it really possible for a human to consume nothing but pills? Like is there someplace where one can purchase a daily dose of vitamins and nutrients in the form of pills and take those at certain times of the day instead of a whole meal?"
"If I cook whole grain pasta (or even white) and let it sit for a few hours does it become resistant starch?"
"Does putting fruit like apple kiwi or any other fruit - offer any benefits?Would it make water more nutritious?Would it  make pieces of fruit easier to digest softer or something?Thx for info!"
"That have little to no sugar but with NO stevia taste good amount of protein (22+) with decent macros?? All the ones I’ve tried literally tasted disgusting with the stevia they like to add to it"
"I was chewing on some gum (as a replacement for a sweet snack) when I looked down and saw the nutrition facts and I wondered the question I asked above. Does it even matter? Does the gum "remnant" left over after it loses flavor have any calories at all?"
"I don’t want to find out for myself."
"During psychological stress acetylcholine leaks from the Neuromuscular junction and inhibits acetylcholinesterase. Is there any food that slows down the leakage of disinhibits acetylcholinesterase ?"
"I believe the recommended amount is once a week or 4x/month but I’m just curious the amount people actually eat."
"Saw someone say this online so just wondering"
"If you're replacing your coffee with them (and you're taking in the same amount of caffiene) then what's so bad about energy drinks?"
"I recently ordered an instant pot and I'm noticing that pressure cooking chicken literally dissolves all the cartilidge into the broth whereas when I boil it the cartilidge stays intact and has to be thrown out.Also I notice pressure cooking for long enough causes me to be able to easily crush the chicken bones simply by squeezing them with my fingers. Does this mean pressure cooking is also more efficient at extracting nutrition from the bones and bone marrow?"
"I've heard that leeks asparagus and other vegetables are mild diuretics. What specifically do these vegetables contain that promote water expulsion? Is it possible that they could dehydrate?"
"It seems to me that it's best to just not add sweetener the majority of the time but in specific cases you may want to. Is there any consideration other than glycemic index to tell whether one sweetener is better than another when considering only those sweeteners which do have a caloric value?"
"what should the ratio be so that one or other doesn't become depleted?"
"What is in the title. They appear to be less processed than regular potato chips."
"Sadly images are not allowed but nutritonal table for 100g of apples seems... poor at best. It has no vitamins no minerals just water and simple carbs. 1000g (!) of apples has 60% of suggested vitamin c daily intake which is terrible score (banana has 30% per 100g; citruses have twice as much) and it looks like its the best apples can offer. No magnesium no potassium no vit a/b/e just nothing.[here's link for wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple#Nutrition)"
"I just started following this guy on IG. I'm trying to improve my health this year and diet is part of that. Has anyone heard of this guy and have informed opinions on his approach to nutrition? I searched this sub but didn't find anything on him specifically."
"Anyone know is there any significant amino acid profile differences between 'cottage cheese' and 'quark'?[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quark\_(dairy\_product)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quark_(dairy_product))And what about probiotics/bacteria differences?"
"Idk if this should go here but I wanna know if there's wack additives and I couldn't find it on their site"
"Are diet fizzy drinks really that bad? It is said that they are because of artificial sweeteners - but what is the problem with this?There are artificial sweeteners in so many daily things just avoiding fizzy drinks because of it seems pointless. If you look at fruit squash (no added sugar) it is practically the same as a diet fizzy drink as it also has artificial sweeteners yet squash doesn’t have the same unhealthy connotation surrounding it.Not asking for opinion on personal situation asking for thoughts on artificial sweetners"
"What are the pros/cons of drinking vegetable juice on a regular basis? Not as a meal replacement or instead of eating whole vegetables in addition to. Does using the pulp in muffins or something compensate for the lost fiber?"
"I just found out my parents boil chicken and carrots for the dogs every week then throw out the liquid at the end.I tried it today and it tastes just like broth with no salt. I was kind of annoyed and said I could drink it as broth/make soup with it by adding my own vegetables. Or at least the dogs should drink it with their food.But when I looked it up I couldn't really find anything saying it's beneficial to drink. Is there a point to this or is it just comfort to drink something hot?"
"what nutrients are lost in eating the potato without skin? is it a nutritional "mistake" to peel off the skin if additional fiber intake isn't needed?"
"Might be a dumb question but the general nutritional advice I’ve gotten is that eating protein is essential for muscle development and maintenance. Evolutionarily speaking why? Carbs seem to be much easier to come by and strength seems to be very useful for survival and reproduction?"
"Maybe a really dumb question but when trying to reduce fat content in ground beef I have boiled it with a little of water to strain it later. Yet there's not a lot of fat that comes out of it- if anything just a little left on the pan. Does that mean the meat is lean?It comes in a package without nutritional info just a bag with the meat so there's no telling on what percentage of fat it has."
"I moved to a new area and am finding a local source of grass-fed beef.  I understand grass-fed is better due to the fatty acid profile specifically the improved omega-6 to omega-3 ratio.As I was sourcing the product I spoke with a butcher who said their beef is grass-fed grain-finished. This was the first I had heard of that.  I learned that they transition the calves to the grain-based diet over the last six months to get them up to market weight faster.Can anyone point me to a study on the fatty acid profile of these grass-fed grain-finished scenarios? Is the omega-6 to omega-3 ratio closer to pure grass-fed or grain-fed?  Thanks"
"I noticed that on many foods the number of calories is off in relation to what I would expect given kilocalorie yield per macronutrient (4kcal/g protein 9kcal/g fat 4kcal/g carbohydrate). For example a food with 1g protein 6g fat and 10g carbohydrates was indicated to have 110 kcal while I would expect 98 kcal.Any idea where this discrepancy is coming from? I figure some non-macronutrient component accounts for the excess calories like how alcohol provides calories in and of itself but I don't know what. I am also aware that nutrition labels do not have to be precise so maybe that could play a role. I am trying to decide whether to go by the label or my own calculation for determining kilocalories per food"
"I'm trying to learn more about which cooking oils have a lot of monounsaturated fat vs polyunsaturated fat.  EVOO famously is composed mostly of the former but what about refined olive oil (usually sold as simply "olive oil" or "olive oil for sautéing and grilling"). I tried googling it but a lot of the results didn't clearly specify whether they were talking about EVOO or not.Does anyone know how it compares to something like grapeseed oil in terms of proportion of polyunsaturated fat?"
"I've been reading a lot about nutrition lately but find that every book is ostensibly afraid of technical details. I'm looking for more biochemically-verbose book recommendations on nutrition science books (maybe even textbooks) including a breakdown of different types of biomolecules and how they act in the body. Thanks in advance! :)"
"[Found this video](https://youtube.com/watch?v=bzXqoY7SKcw) when looking at overnight oats recipes. His criticisms are the lack of satiety increase in blood sugar/insulin and nutrients are not absorbed by the bodyThe sources he cites are in the video description"
"Did it improve your test? I’m thinking of getting some."
"What would you incorporate into your daily diet to consistently get between 30-40g of fiber per day?I was surprised to see things like salad greens really don’t have that much. Other things I considered to be high fiber like oats broccoli brussels sprouts etc still only have 3-4 grams per serving.I know berries have a big fiber bang for your buck. But what else would be good to add to your diet on a daily basis to get more than 30g in a day when you eat around 2000 calories and try to get close to lean bodyweight in grams of protein?"
"Imagine a scenario where all my nutrition is met for the day with all micro and macro nutrients being fulfilled. I’m at a healthy body fat level and need more calories to reach my caloric maintenance for the day. Is there any detriment to eating unhealthy foods in this situation? Or is there any benefit that I’m missing by not choosing a healthier option?Healthy and unhealthy is defined as what is conventionally thought to be healthy and unhealthy. I.e. fast food junk food sweets would all be unhealthy."
"I think the main benefit of fiber is that it slows down the digestion of sugar and carbs--is that right? If it is right it'd seem to me that you have to eat it along with other things to get the benefit. But...I may be wrong about all of that. What's the word?"
"Since it's usually recommended to those looking to build muscle to consume at least 1 gram of protein per pound of bodyweight.I was wondering that since you're no longer trying to *build more* your dietary requirements would likely change. E.g. you wouldn't really be pushing yourself to eat over maintenance to bulk or something. Questions:* Would the gram / lbs of bodyweight requirement change?  * Would you still have to 'carb load'?* How would this affect your macro proportions?"
"What are these fatty acids and what are the sources of these? I look to specifically understand these 2 types."
"When I check online it tells me how much protein to consume but I’m referring to measures of protein levels in the blood. I see that the reference range is 6.0-8.5 mg/dL. Does an active person need to be on the higher end of that?"
"Lets say a skinless whole chicken (raw) weighs around 1Kg. Is there any resource or rough estimation to note down how many calories it contains.On a side note. If all the meat is removed from the cooked chicken and we minus the bones weight from the 1Kg of whole raw chicken; can we equate it to the calories in a chicken thigh or will the number of calories be way off ?For example: 1Kg raw chicken - 270gms of bones after cooking = 730gms of raw boneless chicken. So can we note down that the calorie consumption is 730gms of raw chicken thigh ?"
"Why is this. I swear by every time I get organic green bananas they stay green 3x longer than non organic. I have tested on 3 occasions and like 3 different brands and I usually buy the same color of green because I do not like my bananas being sweeter than a can of soda pop yet I notice when I bought non organic I would have to eat them super fast yet now that I'm buying organic I'm like yo these bananas are still literally green almost a week after i bougut them wtf is going on. Also one thing I notice with this certain brand of banana is that it's way slimier and juicier than other brands which I like better. I am just wondering are there really no difference in organic vs non organic counterparts cause I'm starting to find that hard to believe."
"It’s a popular dish in southeast Asia and I had it today for the first time. It’s not awful a very neutral taste. I’m assuming it’s high in protein and iron? Are there any health risks/benefits to consuming animal blood like that?Edit: I’m not in Southeast Asia rn. I’m in the states. But I know it’s popular there lol"
"As long as the fat is healthy it’s fine that it isn’t a low calorie choice"
"How are natural sugars perceived in regards to nutrition? Should intake of natural sugars such as in fresh or dried fruits be limited just as you should limit intake with refined sugars? I will use the AHA recommendation of sugar intake for a man for general purposes which is 36 grams. Can you be lenient with that number if you were to consume 48 grams of sugar in raisins? Let me know what your thoughts are. Thank you redditors."
"The title basically. I can’t seem to find the answer to this. Need to know for food intolerance reasons."
"I just started looking into nutrition and was wondering what YouTuber’s are a good source of information on it? Thanks"
"Soybeans contain the protein known as "lectin" which are carbohydrate-binding proteins. I have read that since lectin is found mostly on the outer layer (hull) and is water soluble "wet" cooking it is effective at rendering it safe for consumption.While instant soy protein for fitness enthusiast exist i was thinking more on the line of this product to save money. Is it possible that it has enough active lectin to cause some negative side effect?[https://www.ingredientsnetwork.com/soy-protein-isolate-prod1238416.html](https://www.ingredientsnetwork.com/soy-protein-isolate-prod1238416.html)[https://cnxinruigroup.en.made-in-china.com/product/cKNQsMClwoRS/China-Emulsion-Gel-Type-Isolated-Soy-Protein-for-Sausage.html](https://cnxinruigroup.en.made-in-china.com/product/cKNQsMClwoRS/China-Emulsion-Gel-Type-Isolated-Soy-Protein-for-Sausage.html)"
"Quick and simple to the point. What’s the best app in order to keep track of what you’re eating everyday. When I say best I mean friendly user interface accurate and (possibly) free? Is my fitness pal really the superior or are there other sleepers out there?"
"Sure meat and other food have nutrients that protein powders typically lack but how does the bioavailability of their protein compare? Is the protein from powders (whey soy etc.) more or less usable by our bodies than the protein found in meat and other food?"
"Having fats with both. What would be better? For example chicken with scrambled eggs vs oat bran with scrambled eggs. Thanks :)"
"Thats the question... where I live the soy protein powder is so much cheaper than whey protein that it doesnt even make sense to consume it."
"I saw somewhere that when eggs are boiled they gain calories. Is there any possibility that this could be true? My eggs are 160 per 2 per the nutrition facts but I was told that when hard boiled they will be 180 calories. Is this true at all? Thank you :)"
"Welcome to the weekly [r/Nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nutrition/) feature post for questions related to your personal diet and circumstances. Wondering if you are eating too much of something not enough of something or if what you regularly eat has the nutritional content you want or need? Ask here.**Rules for Questions*** You MAY NOT ask for advice that at all pertains to a specific medial condition. Consult a physician dietitian or other licensed health care professional.* If you do not get an answer here you still may not create a post about it. Not having an answer does not give you an exception to the Personal Nutrition posting rule.**Rules for Responders*** Support your claims.* Keep it civil.* Keep it on topic - This subreddit is for discussion about nutrition. Non-nutritional facets of food are even off topic. * Let moderators know about any issues by using the report button below any problematic comments."
"I feel like this has saved me timed on thinking/planning out meals especially on days like Christmas today."
"https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fnut.2021.748847/full Again glad recent publications have dropped antiquated and outdated concepts that natural animal SFA are bad.  The science just does not support that premise."
"Is there research about daily beef liver consumption? Many sites say it is unadvised without backing their claims some doctors on youtube say it is advised and that hypervitaminosis and copper toxicity has only happened with supplements or puffer fish liver again without backing their claims. I would like to know what does the actual science says about it."
"Hello allIt seems nowadays everyone is sharing threads on supplement stacks and how important they are great for preventing inflammation and the oxidative stress that occurs in our bodies. I know there are studies that show that a lot of these supplements have positive health effects but are these supplements really that effective for long term health outcomes (specifically for inflammation and oxidative stress) if you already follow a healthy and well rounded diet? Are they  any studies that control for diet with these supplements?"
"In regard to choline why are so many diets or suggestions assumed that people have too little choline in their diet ? what foods reduce choline and acetylcholine in the organism ?"
"So these frozen wild pacific salmon fillets I bought are 80 calories for one fillet. According to the nutrition label they are 98g each. When I look up 98g of salmon I’m seeing that raw pink salmon is 110 calories. The entire pack is 400g. I was also wondering does anyone know if the pack is guaranteed 400g or does it vary? I don’t have a food scale so can’t weigh. Just wanted to know what I should log for one fillet. Thank you! :)"
"Is there any guidance on how long you should wait to drink alcohol after a workout so that it has the least amount of detrimental affects on recovery or on the efficacy of the workout? Is there a difference if the workout is primarily strength training or cardio focused? And would the type of alcohol matter (beer vs wine vs spirits)?"
"Is there any research on stretching the time you take to eat a meal? For example finishing your breakfast in 3 hours by eating little by little.&#x200B;It may affect on how your stomach has to be constantly digesting food but is it a bad habit for your body or a healthy one?"
"Shredded coconut goes on a long line in factories includes drying soaking and pasteurization. Does all of that make it losing nutrients? Like minerals and fats"
"So Im aware that you can obtain vitamin K1 from vegetable sources but not vitamin K2 except in some fermented vegetables products like Kimchi where the fermenting bacteria are able to produce vitamin K2 for us. I'm also aware that prebiotics are sources of fiber that can feed bacteria in your gut allowing them to proliferate and do more of their good work.So the combination of those two things has me wondering if by eating Kimchi as a probiotic and consuming the bacteria that are capable of producing vitamin K2 and then eating unfermented prebiotic vegetable matter at the same time if that fermentation process would begin again in my stomach on the unfermented vegetables and produce more vitamin K2?"
"Is there any single food that has every micro macro vitamin & mineral our bodies need? Or even remotely close to covering them all:"
"I got coconut flakes from the market they’re so dry. I think that they have been exposed to high temperaturesAre they good? Someone told me that the good ones have a fatty texture"
"Or is it still better even when the dates are pressed?"
"Sorry if this is a stupid question I know alcohol is terribly unhealthy and that the healthiest option is to avoid it altogether.But say hypothetically you had to drink an entire bottle of clear hard liquor in a few days would it be healthier to take it straight or to dilute it with another drink? I heard that sugar makes it worst so fruit juice or anything of that nature is off the table but what about other drinks like vegetable juice or water? Beyond the taste is there anything that might help even very slightly mitigate the negative health effects of alcohol? Just hypothetically as far as what we know about nutrition hypothetically.Again not asking for something that makes hard liquor "good for you" I know very well how bad it is just asking if anything might help even ever so slightly with the health risks like say I mix each drink half liquor and half water (or any other healthy drink) would it change how my body is affected after drinking a full bottle that way compared to straight hard liquor?"
"Does lactose free dairy products still have the same choline levels ? What makes dairy have high choline?"
"recently a lot of popular brands that produce dark chocolate like hershey’s were found to have heavy metals like lead and cadmium. How much harm will consuming dark chocolate actually do to me? They suspect it’s involved in when the actual cocoa is grown and somehow lead is contaminated into it during the process or something"
"It is a relatively large brand so I would assume it should be pretty accurate but their canned legumes and such are usually lower in calories for a given amount then others."
"Best way to track macros?? App? Thanks in advance!"
"Does anybody know of any cheap sources of Iron? I feel quality red meat tends to be very expensive?"
"HiMy wife and I mainly use margarine to toast bread on a pan or similar stuff.What's the best alternative to margarine? Is salted/unsalted better in any way?"
"Some brands of woolworths canned chickpeas have 3 servings per container and 45kcal per serving so 135kcal for a 400g container the container claims to be 60% chickpeas and 40% water. However Macro organic 420g can of chickpeas is 240 kcal and also seems to be 60% chickpeas and 40% water why such a massive difference? The macronutrients such as protein and carbs seem to be scaled accordingly to the calories though. The woolworths brand only has 10.2g of protein for the whole 135kcal can while other higher calorie brands like the macro organic have 15- 20g."
"In the UK it's very hard/ is very expensive to get low calorie wraps does anyone have a good recipe for homemade ones just like store bought ones. I have xanthum gum and thought there may be good recipes using it"
"Is palm kernel oil shortening bad for the environment?"
"What is the difference between eaa's and collagen"
"Has a nutritionist or nutrition enthusiast ever published the details of a ‘close-to-perfect’ diet consisting of as many nutrients as possible and a broad range of meals for every day of the week for optimal health?."
"reading about protein and larger meals vs smaller meals more often......if 'the body optimally absorbs 10g of protein an hour' and you eat 50 g of protein in one sitting does that mean the bulk of that protein isnt getting absorbed? just passes through on some level not getting utilized?"
"Hello I'm trying to understand what Ovaltine is and what malt drinks are and why people would have malt in their drinksI drank some Ovaltine and it just was chocolate milk so I don't understand why it's not just called chocolate milkThank you"
"Are there any studies or scientic evidence on how long the risk of the so called yo-yo-effect is present after weight loss due to caloric restriction?"
"Including wheat used in pasta and pastries."
"Received this baklava from a coworker today and checked the nutrition label. I’ve seen similar oddities a few times before. Wouldn’t this be immediately flagged by the FDA as false nutrition label?https://freeimage.host/i/HzEbe7Sedit: Seems I did not explain this well enough.1. Ingredients must be listed in the order from greatest to least.2. Sugar is the first ingredient listed therefore it is in greater quantity than any other ingredients.3. The label claims 1g of added sugar per 30g serving.4. As someone else pointed out there are only 13 ingredients. If we have 1g of sugar the other 12 ingredients would have to all be less than or equal to 1g. But that would mean they add up to less than 30g.Therefore the label facts CANNOT be true."
"Hello!To what extent should we take the color of our urine when assessing whether we assimilate a food or drink?For example beet. It gives a reddish color to the urine but when should I understand that this beet is assimilated by my organism when the urine comes out reddish or even before?The same when we drink water and the urine comes out very clear will we only be well hydrated when the color changes from intense yellow to clearer or even before?Thank you very much.Greetings Juan"
"Is Bacon healthy? if so then what time of day is it good for consumption?"
"Hi just your average American complaining yet again about something that honestly seems like an inconvenience at times. I’m a casual cooker and can follow directions but seriously there are some things in recipes that I question how much of a difference that ingredient makes. With the list of ground ginger or turmeric as an example I lose myself more in the daunting shopping list and buying these things to make the dish whole. Help me make it make sense."
"Does the water also need to be drained or is the bean juice safe after its been cooked?"
"Hi all. I am looking for a helpful nutrition book that borders the line between textbook and mainstream nonfiction. I am a geneticist by career. Therefore I am scientifically literate and do not mind a hard read. I'm just looking for something to cover the basis of what healthy habits are for your diet and how to create a balanced diet. Bonus points if the book covers practical daily habits."
"I’ve read online that ultra-pasteurizing milk denatures the protein 70-100%. In protein shakes like Fairlife CorePower’s and other ultra-pasteurized milks are the high protein values less effective because of this process?"
"I was wondering if anyone has resources on how to calculate what macros you should be getting to promote overall health and immunity. Everything I've tried to look up just leads me to places trying to tell me how to lose weight which I don't need to do. I'm very new to nutrition though and I don't know what  apps like Chronometer base their macro recommendations on and how/if I should be personalizing my goals."
"What foods does it consist of?"
"Like bone broth for example. I buy one that touts 11g of protein per serving but should that even be counted into the daily need for an individual?"
"I'd like to make a large batch of sauerkraut and have it by be shelf stable in my pantry. However google tells me that this will remove all the healthy nutrients that fermentation gives.Is this true? Is it worth it to make a large batch of sauerkraut and pasteurize it or make a smaller batch to leave in the fridge? Thanks!"
"Sometimes I get a bite of fatty meat that I ingest instead of spitting it out. Just wondering what happens to it."
"So…in a quest to cook more veggies I’ve been taking broccoli putting it in a saucepan/skillet with oil/seasoning/water. Then I turn the heat way up and let the water steam the veggies with lid on. Am I frying or steaming at this point? I’ve never really thought about it too much but I’d like to avoid frying food as much as possible.Thanks!"
"How much can overnight soaked prunes and plums stay in water without going rancid? (In fridge)Also does the water get some nutrients from fruit? Thx everyone!"
"I’m quite new to counting macros and cannot seem to find a clear answer on this lol. I know guidelines are 20-35% of caloriesbut then the amount of fat would differ between a 900 cal vs 500 cal meal right?I know of the general guide for protein (like 20-30g per meal) so I was wondering what is it for fat? thank you!"
"If fruits or veggies get frozen then they are put raw in a smoothie without being cooked will the body get the whole nutrients that these foods had in their raw form?"
"I saw on this keto granola my dad bought where it said carbs minus sugar alcohols equals net carbs. That made me kind of curious about it. And if this is really true then what if I drank a Diet Pepsi and ate some rice? Would it make the rice have no carbs?"
"Culturally in America we have such low expectations for our kids nutrition. Theres so much sugar in everything I find it nearly impossible to get them them to eat healthy. Mac n cheese chicken nuggets pizza peanut butter and jelly seem like the standard set in America. also my kids get offered cookies and ice cream  chips and all sorts of garbage at their friends house. We feed kids this stuff because its convenient and they like it  but i cant help but think that  if everybody just had higher expectations then all kids would eat healthier.Does anyone else have this experience? What healthy meals/foods do you get your kids to eat?"
"I read a research study recently which suggested that higher amounts of physical activity help prevent cancer because it burns off sugar instead of feeding it to cancer cells. So when is the best time to exercise then? Would it be directly after a meal? 30 minutes after a meal? within two hours? or something completely different?"
"Sorry if this is confusing but I'm seeing mixed things all over the internet I understand it's between 500-1300 but is this pmol/l or pg/ml? Every article I find theyre using them interchangeably which is wrong. My current levels are 304 pmol/l which would be 82 pg/ml. I'm wanting to boost it to 500 but 500 pg/ml seems very excessive and incorrect. I'm thinking Japan are using pmol/l ranges and people are getting confused?"
"I know whey is traditionally a by-product of making cheese but not sure if it's really coming from that "waste" these days given the volume that must go into making protein powders. (i.e. there may not be enough cheese making to supply the whey...)  If it's not from waste and is basically coming from additional milk that wouldn't otherwise be needed I'd be more inclined to switch to plant-based powders...except that I'm also seeing those tend to have higher levels of heavy metals. Such dilemmas! Thanks for any insights."
"I had a craving for cereal but figured I should try to get some good stuff out of it this time around and so I bought a Kashi go wild berry cereal but now I'm curious do they act more like a vitamin and you really absorb only like 10 percent of what's given or is it like some other foods were you can actually get 90 percent of the vitamins it can give?"
"If someone takes a dietary supplement like Creatine or l-Carnitine what will be the effect on the body's own natural production?"
"My last dive into this subject left me with the opinion that they effect things a bit but not that much and that fasting serum levels of cholesterol are largely genetic.Is that still where we stand? I was hoping to sample some opinions here. Thanks!"
"What is the minimal list of vegetables that could be grown in a garden and that would provide the entire gamut/spectrum of vitamins and minerals required for healthy body function?Not talking *quantity* of vegetables here just the list of the veggies themselves."
"Welcome to the weekly [r/Nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nutrition/) feature post for questions related to your personal diet and circumstances. Wondering if you are eating too much of something not enough of something or if what you regularly eat has the nutritional content you want or need? Ask here.**Rules for Questions*** You MAY NOT ask for advice that at all pertains to a specific medial condition. Consult a physician dietitian or other licensed health care professional.* If you do not get an answer here you still may not create a post about it. Not having an answer does not give you an exception to the Personal Nutrition posting rule.**Rules for Responders*** Support your claims.* Keep it civil.* Keep it on topic - This subreddit is for discussion about nutrition. Non-nutritional facets of food are even off topic. * Let moderators know about any issues by using the report button below any problematic comments."
"GH IGF-1 IGF-2 BPC157 tb500 etc. Is their a comprehensive list that can tell me which ones are vegan friendly?"
"source: https://www.menshealth.com/uk/nutrition/a37590491/vegan-men-fart-seven-times-more-than-non-vegans-study-finds/#r3z-addoorhttps://www.mdpi.com/2072-6643/13/8/2638/htm#app1-nutrients-13-02638"
" I see these YouTube carnivores who only eat sticks of butter and steak and claim to be in wonderful health. I’m genuinely curious. Not hating."
"Most “fitness guru” recommends 1gram of protein per pound of weight. Is this too much? Doesn’t protein intake have an inverse relationship with longevity? This article states that consumption between .6-.8 grams of protein per pound of weight is sufficient for muscle growth when weight lifting. Does this sound about right? https://mennohenselmans.com/the-myth-of-1glb-optimal-protein-intake-for-bodybuilders/"
"For most people it’s their top one most delicious food."
"With the light inclusion of beets and Eggs?"
"I dont get it. i spent some time learning about intermittent fasting and it seems to have only positive aspects (blood sugar reduces you loose old fat after 14 or 15h of fasting no risks at all… (source is the yazio app) but then why is it way more common to eat 3 meals plus a snack during the whole day? why is this what we learn growing up?can someone explain to me please?"
"So if I were to go my local grass fed beef butcher. What’s the best bang for my buck/ price per lb cut of meat I can possibly purchase from a butcher. If it saves me on cost I’m not apposed to buying larger sections and cutting it up myself. I just wouldn’t know what cut to ask for? What would be common for butchers to sell in that manner? Edit: mainly wanting steak"
"Hey guysBased in Australia but don't mind ordering from overseas if the price is decent.Looking for an EAA powder that doesn't include stims and the only one I could find is the Muscle Nation Aminos however it doesn't contain many EAA's so I'm looking for something that contains the usuals e.g. Arginine BA Cit etc.Has anyone got any recommendations?"
"There is an influx of info online but none of it is helpful"
"Hello I have this one question specifically about bananas since most other fruit don't really have this property where it's green it's not sweet but when it's brown it gets super sweet. Well they kinda do but they are gross but bananas is like one of those things where there is a sweet spot but I am just wondering like is the green banana better for you since it doesn't really have the sugar yet or is there like less nutrients in the green ones. Thanks so much sorry for this long paragraph they said I couldn't just ask a question in the title"
"Hello I would like to learn how to remove all pesticides from my food as I do not trust that eating pesticides over a 20 or 30 year period is smart regardless of what the USDA or whoever says is okay. Is there any way to rid my fruits and vegetables of all synthetic and organic pesticides or is that just a pipe dream that can never be achievedTwo things I have heard so far is to soak them for 2 days in baking soda and vinegar another person said I would need to boil them with salt. Do any of these things work to remove toxins from fruits and vegetables that have seeped into the inside of them?"
"I’ve seen a video where there’s told that about 50-70 grams of protein per meal would be absorbed (and used for muscle building?). Does anyone know if this figure is about right and if so how many hours should be between those meals?Thanks for any advice :)!"
"Basically which cheap ingredients provide the most nutrition? What would people have to buy to stay alive and out of trouble with their health for a moderate amount of time? I was thinking something along the lines of lentils and bread. This is a discussion topic on the types of food involved so no budgeting tips or anything. This is not me looking for advice."
"So there is this widely accepted belief in China (and some other Asian countries) where you're absolutely not allowed to eat carrots and white radishes together. When I researched this I found that they believe that carrots contain an enzyme that breaks down vitamin C. Is this true?I couldn't find anything trustworthy that's either confirming or refuting this statement. If I look up in English Google there is barely any article regarding this topic. However if I look up using Chinese mandarin I get flooded with articles confirming this.The fact that carrots destroy vitamin C is a contradiction on its own as carrots contain a lot of vitamin C. So my hypothesis is that any vegetables lose some of its vitamins if cooked but they just wrongly related it to the carrots' enzymes."
"Aldi has protein bread 10g of protein per slice. The bread is not great in taste or texture which has always been my experience eating protein breads. To help combat this I shave down the crusts a little to make eating it a little more pleasant. I don’t know what the protein part specifically is there’s a lot of seeds. Is anyone else familiar with this bread or have any thoughts as to how much I might be losing by cutting a minuscule amount of crust off?"
"I thought that etics committees had made it impossible to run studies where subjects had no choice but to accept a randomised diet but I see one counterexample to this theory - I just wish I knew of more. The article at https://www.theregister.com/2022/12/16/nasa_boosts_cognition_with_fishy/ points to https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-022-21927-5"
"Mexican style Alfredo pasta. I can of Rao’s Alfredo Sauce Organic Mexican seasoning (Siete is a great brand)Organic Fettuccine Organic sliced chicken breastOrganic sliced onions red and green peppersOrganic Mexican Cheese Takes about 25-30 minutes to make"
"We know that excess fructose can cause a bunch of negative effects on the body. Almost everywhere I look studies are showing effects from high fructose sources like table sugar HFCS and fruit juices. If a healthy person who doesn't suffer from fructose intolerance were to eat large amounts of fruits but limit all other fructose sources would it still cause the same detrimental effects? There is conflicting info online. Most say that large amounts of fruit is bad others say eating large amounts of fruits will not cause any bad effects because the fiber slows down digestion. It doesn't make sense to me since the body still has to deal with a large amount of fructose while digesting the fruit. Anybody familiar with fructolysis?"
"Been using simple macros which is excellent but it US based so barcode scanner is useless and any searches return US items only. Any recommendations?"
"was recommended it and i find it really interesting"
"I bought Procter and a Gamble's Seven Seas Cod liver oil capsules. The packing has Vitamin A D EPA DHA mentioned but doesn't mentiom Omega 3 fatty acidsBasic Google search didn't help clearly.So wanted to know if this (or each) Cod Liver Oil capsules have Omega 3 fatty acids or not."
"I've been looking for the amount of protein in an oz of COOKED breast; Google says it's 7g of protein but I am not sure if it is referencing cooked or raw chicken. Any help would be nice. Thanks much :)"
"Sometimes I come across one or two items that are the same even lower cost when you buy from other stores or in bulk items that are labeled as Organic Non GMOIs it better to purchase like if it's the same or less price or is that just some kind of marketing ploy as well?"
"I read about it from this site: [https://carolinatotalwellness.com/blog/index.php/2021/02/25/how-to-properly-prepare-nuts-seeds-in-3-simple-steps/](https://carolinatotalwellness.com/blog/index.php/2021/02/25/how-to-properly-prepare-nuts-seeds-in-3-simple-steps/)  But I also read that peanut skin is healthy on this site: [https://agrofoodious.com/stop-removing-roasted-groundnut-peanut-skin-before-eating-them/#comment-14874](https://agrofoodious.com/stop-removing-roasted-groundnut-peanut-skin-before-eating-them/#comment-14874)  Please and thank you for any help!"
"I have heard that vitamin C increases the absorption of iron. I was wondering if timing made any difference. Would a meal full of vitamin C in the evening have any effect on iron consumed in the morning? Would vitamin C consumed an hour after some iron-rich foods increase absorption as much as if it was consumed at the same time?"
"Here's the link: https://action.consumerreports.org/20221215_heavymetalschocolate_croKind of concerning is that these are major brands and the fact that dark chocolate is often labeled as "healthy"."
"I fried my dog chicken liver in butter and it smelled really good."
"How close is the weight online for a cup of something like rice compared to when actually weighed out is it close enough to be reliable if you level the cup? I don’t have a scale"
"Fiber and fat slows down digestionEdit: This started when I looked up “what to eat when you have food poisoning” and healthline.com showed up recommending a list of foods to eat and on top a general rule of thumb; avoid high fiber and high fat. But oatmeal was on the list to eat."
"Like most nutrition we see a split of opinion of what's good and bad enough and not enough. Salt is one of those but it makes me wonder about tribal people and how much they consume."
"If someone's trying to be health conscious and drink more water but they keep peeing it all out even when drinking less than recommended amount would drinking sole water or even fruit infused water help create electrolytes to retain the water and hydrate the body better?"
"We mostly eat Thai Jasmine Rice T&T Brand (shown in this link: [https://www.realcanadiansuperstore.ca/thai-jasmine-rice/p/20705589\_EA](https://www.realcanadiansuperstore.ca/thai-jasmine-rice/p/20705589_EA))  Basically is it a bad idea to buy a lot of rice at once to keep at home in the basement?Thank you!"
"Can anyone recommend a good book on the science and management of blood sugar?"
"There are various sources on the internet that say that snacking is fine if it's healthy or it's better for digestion to eat solid meals and avoid snacking possible.How does healthily snacking affect digestion? For example eating a bowl of fruits or nuts etc. in between meals?Thank you!"
"Hi all just wondering. Lots of posts I see online mention how canned vegetables / legumes like chickpeas or kidney beans contain high amounts of sodium. However I'm in the UK and none of the cans I've ever purchased have had any salt in the ingredients or nutritional breakdown is adding salt to canned vegetables an American thing ?"
"To me something burnt pitch black is a warning sign but I've been watching cooking videos and saw a lot of food being burnt black in a few spots. Pizza where the entire bottom had black spots everywhere vegetables with charred black spots meat... I've been avoiding food like that for now but how bad is it for you really? Is there a huge difference in health risk between something being just golden brown and something having black spots? If vegetables are a bit charred how bad is that? For example are roasted brussel sprouts with black marks still a health positive overall?"
"How do you plan meals that have balanced macro and micronutrients? I think I’ve figured out eating in a deficit but I can’t seem to plan meals that are balanced well.For example you read all over the place about what foods have vitamin c that people don’t eat enough fiber or too much added sugar but I haven’t seen any resources that actually tell how you’re supposed to get appropriate amounts of the nutrients you need.How do you plan meals that have balanced nutrients? Bonus points if you have any good resources or meal planning tools especially for people who cook."
"I guess I am specifically referring to red onions (but this goes for all onions) are there more nutrients concentrated in the outer (red) layers compared to the inner core and green parts?"
"So I made oxtail and rib soup. Besides the meat from the bone does the soup absorb protein somehow? I'm asking because bone broth like this:[https://www.amazon.com/Kettle-Fire-Friendly-Approved-Packaging/dp/B07V5RMMY1/ref=sr\_1\_1\_sspa?keywords=bone+broth&qid=1671126378&sprefix=bone+broth%2Caps%2C93&sr=8-1-spons&psc=1&spLa=ZW5jcnlwdGVkUXVhbGlmaWVyPUExSTc3Q1RRUFpJTlY1JmVuY3J5cHRlZElkPUEwNDE2NzQ0MzhRQjNITjRaMVIwNyZlbmNyeXB0ZWRBZElkPUEwOTczNzU5QTRZSjFHMVVXRExXJndpZGdldE5hbWU9c3BfYXRmJmFjdGlvbj1jbGlja1JlZGlyZWN0JmRvTm90TG9nQ2xpY2s9dHJ1ZQ==](https://www.amazon.com/Kettle-Fire-Friendly-Approved-Packaging/dp/B07V5RMMY1/ref=sr_1_1_sspa?keywords=bone+broth&qid=1671126378&sprefix=bone+broth%2Caps%2C93&sr=8-1-spons&psc=1&spLa=ZW5jcnlwdGVkUXVhbGlmaWVyPUExSTc3Q1RRUFpJTlY1JmVuY3J5cHRlZElkPUEwNDE2NzQ0MzhRQjNITjRaMVIwNyZlbmNyeXB0ZWRBZElkPUEwOTczNzU5QTRZSjFHMVVXRExXJndpZGdldE5hbWU9c3BfYXRmJmFjdGlvbj1jbGlja1JlZGlyZWN0JmRvTm90TG9nQ2xpY2s9dHJ1ZQ==)&#x200B;has 10g protein per cup. I was wondering if somehow maybe the bone marrow or some protein content from the bones get into the soup."
"Just hear me out. We all noticed that if we combine certain foods or if we eat certain stuff like fruits we tend to visit the bathroom more often.Is there any study or theory that supports doing this as a way to lose weight or is it just complete nonsense? I myself am going through a bad stomach phase because of fruits yoghurt and what-not causing whole sorts of bathroom breaks and it got me wondering."
"Is or pork or beef healthier as a protein overall"
"Is there a place to read high-quality reviews regarding supplements such as multi-vitamins and other things or is consumerlabs.com (which costs $57) the only place?"
"For my second year project I had to do nutritional analysis of a chosen product. The food product that I chose was a protein bar. After conducting the analysis it was found that the product only contained about 15.6 grams of protein / 100 g product while the nutritional label claimed 35.6 grams of protein / 100 g product.The method used for this protein analysis was the automated Kjeldahl method using Gerhardt's Kjeldahl digester and analyser. Nothing went wrong in any of the analysis steps so I'm not sure why the results are so low compared to the protein content in the label. If it's relevant the sugar content of the product is also very high compared to the nutritional label.The only explanation I could think of was that they initially used a different method to detect the protein content or that the company has reduced the amount of protein in the bar over time.Is there other possible reasons behind this very low protein content detected?"
"An odd question here has anybody here tried ALA? More specifically have you ever emptied the powder into a cup and added water then drink it? Did it clump into a tough gooey blob that just sticks to the lips teeth gum tongue and burns and stung like hell?"
"Is it just me or the microwaved sweet potatoes never seem to have the same level of sweetness and oven baked sweet potatoes? They seem to not have any taste in the whatsoever."
"I know in order to stay sufficiently hydrated you’re supposed to drink a specific amount of water every day (and the amount depends on your weight). My question is: does it matter *when* you drink your water? For example if someone drank little water throughout the day but a ton of it in the evening—does that make a difference overall so long as they drank enough? Also a secondary question do zero-calorie sugar-free electrolyte drinks (eg Powerade Zero “count” as water)? Or would that intake be separate from water intake?Thanks!"
"I have heard that drinking tea reduces the amount of iron you absorb from your food. I was wondering if decaf tea does the same."
"Is it soluble vs insoluble?"
"Does protein from beans/soy/peas for example help preserve and build muscle the same as animal protein goes? Do you have to eat more protein if you get it from plants?"
"What are the pros and cons of eating white rice daily?"
"Is this a recent thing like over the last couple years? It seems like every person I know has some food sensitivity now especially lactose intolerance.Edit: Thank you for all the engagement and knowledge being shared in this thread! I'm still reading through all the comments and sources. Such an interesting conversationEdit 2: Also I'm from South Africa. I've seen a few comments about food production in the states don't know how different that is over here."
" I'm an engineer who found health later in life. I read white papers and generally nerd out about understanding the details.There are a tremendous amount of white papers / research papers out there that all seem to pick nuances and study them but their input doesn't help general understanding.In engineering we build system models for every complex system and interaction. The human body is a complex system where is the human bodies system model?I'd even settle for the human bodies response to different dietary inputs and the bodies response to blood sugar insulin triglycerides etc.Once there is a system model you can make assertions prove or disprove the assumptions in the system model and if an outcome is unexpected you test that specific condition.1. Has anyone seen this?2. If not I'm willing to do it is anyone else (especially anyone from the medical research side) interested in helping?3. What reddit forum would be best for this request?"
"So for example 100 grams of chicken breast is 0 grams cabs 4 grams fat and 31 grams of protein.Are micro-nutrients really 66% of chicken breast?I find that a little difficult to believe but I'm not certain."
"Is it true that tolerating dairy is 'rare' and mostly seen in northern european population?  That sounds crazy.. i mean everyone likes pizza dont they?    i have a lot of northern european in me i love cream cheese and butter and can eat a lot of it with no problems.  I mean it makes little sense to me really... who doesnt like an ice cream pizza cheddar cheese etc.?.. very common foods.. do those intolerant ppl have to just put up with the discomfort or limit their portions?..or do they avoid it at all costs?Also what about raw dairy products then?  Afaik pretty much anyone who tries raw vs modern and pasturized(destroys the enzyme intolerant ppl need to avoid issues) have no problems at all with raw.  So doent that make dairy tolerance being rare false?"
"I keep seeing so many things “this oils no good you have to use this one” for a while I thought avocado oil was the go to and then I thought it was grape seed oil? Now I’m not to sure Today when I was cooking I was reaching in my pantry and looking at the nutrition facts I had sunflower oil extra virgin olive oil and grape seed oil and the grape seed oil had the lowest calories so I used that one. With all the conflicting information I keep seeing I’m not sure where to turn to to figure out what’s best to use. I know I keep seeing that if you use the “wrong” one it leads to inflammation and possibly a higher risk of cancer? But is that just propaganda? Please help me out I’m just trying to live a healthier lifestyle and trying to learn more about gut health as I go and please don’t be mean. Please correct anything that I’ve said wrong but understand that I know I know nothing lolEdit: if you can can you pls explain why you use what you use?"
"Here's a nutrition label for 90/10 Ground Beef:>Calories: 200  >  >Protein: 22g  >  >Fat: 11g  >  >Carbs: 0g22g protein \* 4 calories = 88 kcals11g fat \* 9 calories = 99kcals88+99 = 187 Kcals187 /= 200Now why is this off? You might say food labels can be up to 20% off of the true calories.... if that is true why would they show a calorie count higher than actual????"
"I’d love some historical references of cooking oil. It’s so pervasive within our diets and certain cuisines. For example Chinese cooking uses a lot of oil but I can’t find history references."
"If I blended fiber like oats with a sugary smoothie will it have any positive affect?"
"Recently I discovered that eating 500g of spaghetti squash is only 135 calories (1g fat/3g protein/25g carb). I simply baked it with salt pepper and cinnamon powder and with some pork tenderloin it was an extremely satisfying large meal high in fiber and very low calorie. What other low calorie/high volume foods do you recommend?"
"Bought Costco's Deglet Noor dates and the pack says 0mg Iron. I am confused. Are there any particular variety of dates that are rich in Iron"
"I would be interested to hear others thoughts as im undecided on whether its legit or not!"
"Hey can anyone solve this mystery for me😅I can't know how much calories there's in chicken legs(drumstick and thigh) with bone and with/out skin and how much protein and fat?"
"I've heard this from a lot of people who think high fructose corn syrup or fructose in generally is "bad sugar".Why?Edit: Ok.  There seems to be a different way fructose is metabolized/digested in the human body compared to sucrose. Sucrose is a Disaccharide two sugar molecules one of glucose the other of fructose. Hydrolysis is required to break it down to a monosaccharide (one sugar molecule).  Note there are 3 monosaccharides: Glucose Fructose and Galactose.  Note that all 3 are chemically the same (C6-H12-O6) but the structure is different meaning the arrangement of atoms are different. Fructose occurs naturally in fruits and honey.So sucrose must be broken down where as HFCS (which is usually 42% or 55% fructose and the rest glucose) goes directly to the liver and I presume the bloodstream.However different doesn't equal bad. Just because something is metabolized differently or enters the bloodstream differently doesn't confer negative health consequences.  Fruits which have fructose has been around for thousands of years.  So has honey. Hunters and gatherers such as the Hadza don't have any cholesterol problems or obesity problems (see this book for more info: https://www.amazon.com/Hadza-Hunter-Gatherers-Tanzania-Origins-Behavior/dp/0520253426) or you can read that new book "Burn: the misunderstood science...".The above sounds more like biological plausibility.  A hypothesis that seems to make sense but has no direct evidence (or maybe I'm wrong on the evidence part).So my ask is this.  Is there a double-blind placebo randomized control trial showing two groups of HUMANS (not rats) one eating sucrose and the other eating HFCS where the amount is controlled showing negative health outcomes such as increased obesity heart attacks strokes blood pressure problems bad cholesterol etc etc etc?So far it seems like HFCS is "bad" simply because it can be consumed in larger quantities and that we added it to everything. So just the act of "more sugar" which also kinda assumes "less vegetables" because you are getting your calories somewhere else is the actual cause of obesity.  The type of sugar is irrelevant. So it *seems*.  Can someone prove that wrong with data?Info on the basics of sugar: https://biologydictionary.net/disaccharide/Examine's thoughts on HFCS: https://examine.com/articles/is-hfcs-worse-than-sugar/"
"Why does the food industry put so NONFAT NO FAT etc varieties of products. Why is fat hated on so much? To me I have been switching to a higher fat and protein diet because to me it seems to keep me more satiated and  overall have better cognitive function throughout the day. I literally could not find a plain whole milk yogurt at the store today."
"Not something I plan to do. Just curious if it’s sustainable to get as much as you need without actually eating."
"What’s the difference between 1)having a high calorie diet consisting of mostly carbs vs 2) having a high calorie diet consisting mostly of protein vs 3) having a normal calorie diet (net neutral / basal amount) that’s high in protein.I don’t understand the difference between protein consumption vs calorie consumption when it comes to gaining muscle"
"Is it based on the average American height(175cm) and weight?(85+kg) or perhaps it's that height but below 25bmi?"
"Like 3500+ what are some tips to achieve high numbers like these? (No junk food)"
"Please I am interested only in the disadvantages of replacing meat with mycelium"
"I have plenty of at home recipes what does everyone make that you can grab in 2 seconds on your way out the door"
"Welcome to the weekly [r/Nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nutrition/) feature post for questions related to your personal diet and circumstances. Wondering if you are eating too much of something not enough of something or if what you regularly eat has the nutritional content you want or need? Ask here.**Rules for Questions*** You MAY NOT ask for advice that at all pertains to a specific medial condition. Consult a physician dietitian or other licensed health care professional.* If you do not get an answer here you still may not create a post about it. Not having an answer does not give you an exception to the Personal Nutrition posting rule.**Rules for Responders*** Support your claims.* Keep it civil.* Keep it on topic - This subreddit is for discussion about nutrition. Non-nutritional facets of food are even off topic. * Let moderators know about any issues by using the report button below any problematic comments."
"Many nutritionists recommend to buy EVOO in a tinted bottle to preserve it from lightI know a good brand of EVOO but their bottle is not tinted. I might not buy it again and buy a tinted bottle if I found that light exposure affects EVOOWhat are your thoughts?"
"I am not doing a research here. Just want to read your experience. Is there any food you introduced to your diet (also removed if you want) that really made the difference in how you feel?Please report also the mayor benefit. I am very curious :)"
"A caloric deficit makes ghrelin to grow and grow and body generates resistance to hormones if they are present for prolongued times."
"I've been thinking generally whole foods are healthy so much so that I don't even think of eating them in moderation."
" Hello sorry for my bad english it's not my native language.  I'm sorry if I'm wrong I really learned this by reading on the internet I'm not an expert at all.  I understand that we gain weight because we have consumed more calories than we need (TDEE) because it turns into fat in our body.  If this is correct I have a question about fats I understand that the body consumes energy by consuming nutrients (carbohydrates/fats/proteins) but... I will give you an example what happens to a person who has only eaten during the day? fat but below your TDEE?"
"It seems that when looking for trace mineral complexes they inevitably have lead or arsenic in them presumably because they are sea water or ground soil derived.Usually they disguise this as some sort of "proprietary mineral complex" which they don't list on the back of the product because it would be too large for the label but digging into it you find it listed elsewhere on the web.Now I'm aware the concentrations are quite low and in its less toxic organic form but I also would assume this is why they have to put the California prop 65 warning on the label regarding birth defects/cancer. Is there a way to get supplemental trace minerals without having to ingest toxic elements? As in supplements that either remove the lead/arsenic during production or come from synthetic sources?I am asking this in the context of prolonged fasting so food sources are not really an option."
"I understand the importance of protein but I also know how dietary fats and carbohydrates are told to be avoided like hell. They have a place too right? And what are the best quality sources of getting it?"
"What the heck is the difference if a cow ate grass from actual soil with nutrients and minerals than if a cow was raised eating mass produced corn? Does the cow or chicken I'm about to eat come out the same or not? Also is there any difference between an organic vegetable an a non organic one? I heard the non organic vegetable have pesticides inside of them that you can't really wash form the outside. Thanx"
"I am wondering if someone could explain the way the body uses protein when it comes to different bodily needs. If one eats exclusively protein will their body prioritise the use of protein for energy rather than muscle protein synthesis? If one eats a fairly significant calorie deficit whilst consuming all three macros will their body still prioritise dietary protein for energy rather than using it to repair tissue? If the first food consumed after a fasted state is protein majority and that person is aiming to build muscle after working out will some or much of that ingested protein be used on restoring energy rather than building muscle because fats and carbs are not present in sufficient amounts?Thanks very much"
"Would it not get absorbed and instead get flushed out?"
"A bag of frozen taro says 67 cal per 100g 13.3G of carbs 0g of fat and 2.2g of protein which seems right but by googling taro seems to be over 110cal per 100g I plan on eating this a lot so that is a huge difference if the bag is wrong."
"I know many will say it doesn’t really matter but isn’t it true that the more you fast throughout the day the better it is as you’re giving your digestive system a break and allowing for autophagy?"
"Looking at studies of phytoestrogens in food.This paper "Consumption of Decorticated Pulses Ensures the Optimum Intake of Isoflavones by the Urban Indian Population" [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30686044/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30686044/) has done an GC MS analysis of phytoestrogens in lentils. They come up with a staggeringly high number. According to this publication Lens culinaris is listed at (6.83 **mg** genistein 15.62 **mg** daidzein / 100 grams).This seems to be fairly high even for phytoestrogens and the amount is more than 100 times those given in other publications. Most others declare the content of phytoestrogens to just 40 µg/100 gms.And for pigeon peas (the Asian Dal) another publication confirms this high amountLink: [http://pics.unipma.ac.id/content/download/B009\_24\_02\_2020\_02\_47\_027.%20JURNAL%20TJPS%20SCOPUS.pdf](http://pics.unipma.ac.id/content/download/B009_24_02_2020_02_47_027.%20JURNAL%20TJPS%20SCOPUS.pdf)"GC-MS analysis showed that C. cajan seeds contain up to 7.91945 µg/kg of 17β-estradiol."They conclude "C. cajan shows potential **as a natural estrogenic substance that is effective and safe for further application in human hormone replacement therapy**."Compare this with 17β-estradiol in milk which comes at around 20 nanograms/liter - 0.02 µg/liter.[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4524299/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4524299/)Could someone throw light on the staggering numbers on phytoestrogens in lentils that lead to the conclusion that it could be used potentially as a natural estrogenic substance. I do understand the differences between phytoestrogens and estrogen but the papers that I linked to precisely talk of these levels being good enough to be used for making a change in hormone levels. Would greatly appreciate any inputs."
"Does protein distrubution matter regarding optimising protein synthesis? Could someone aiming to eat 120g of protein per day eat it in two 60g servings and that be as optimal as more smaller servings? How about all 120g in one serving? If these larger less frequent servings aren't as optimal as more frequent smaller servings how much of a difference is there in efficacy concerning muscle growth and repair?Thanks very much for any insights"
"Hello! I might of missed it in FAQs and older posts. I have been seeing posts on specific foods diets and ingredients. But I would like to learn more about putting it all together. May I have a recommendation? Is it really just math? How do I calculate a serving size for a homemade recipe? I'd like to become more accurate when eating. Thanks!"
"Particularly a mostly-vegetarian diet"
"What are your go to meals that are balanced with proteins fiber and fat?"
"Is there an urgency for it? What happens if you don't restore your glycogen stores for a few hours(1-5h) after an workout?"
"I have seen many videos of people boiling lemon peel with water and supposedly its very good for losing weight. How true is this?"
"Please write a certain variety like (potatoes) instead of writing a general group like (Vegetables)Mine are:1- Flaxseeds2- Sesame seeds3- Sweet potatoes4- Avocados5- Walnuts"
"Honey has been considered a superfood in ancient civilizations in Egypt Greece and Arabia. It’s considered to be a superfood even at the present timeBut recently many people start to question honey. Honey is mainly consisted of sugar and water and we all know the risks of sugarIs it really an overrated food that has many risks?"
"Gut health is important and as far as I know fibers like psyllium husk and ground flax are prebiotics meaning they act as food for healthy bacteria (probiotics) in the gut.Is it better to take probiotic capsules/powder with prebiotics like psyllium husk or ground flax than to take them separately? In that case why is it that probiotics are advised to be taken on an empty stomach."
"Does anyone have experience with ray peats diet ? I mean his work is pretty controversial and I mean it seems like some of his ideas are potentially beneficial but some are kinda potentially dangerous. Any testimonials?"
"[https://imgur.com/a/Iu7bSfQ](https://imgur.com/a/Iu7bSfQ)[Nutritional Information.](https://imgur.com/a/Iu7bSfQ)&#x200B;While it has been some time since I've taken a basic nutrition course upon brief inspection it appears that the calories and macronutrients of this product do not match. As this is a product marketed as healthier it would be helpful to confirm the correct nutritional information."
"Looking at the ingredients of a Safeway apple pie I noticed there were specific ingredients indicated as a Bioengineered Food Product (GMOs). One of these ingredients was TDMK. The D could possibly also be an obscurely printed O too (TOMK). Does anyone know what TDMK stands for or what it is?"
"Does protein enter in the bone with calcium or what exactly is this mass ?;"
"Is it actually beneficial like I've heard or is it something wine-drinking moms made up and pushed without real research obviously gonna research this elsewhere just wanted to read and discuss it here too. "
"Are products like cottage cheese cheese yogurt healthy if they are organic and grass-fed or raw even? Is there any harm in eating it everyday?"
"Are there any long term health risks to drinking the caffeinated aha drink?"
"So their steel cut traditional oats take 30min to cook. And their traditional old fashioned oats take 5 min to cook.  My question is about the GI index and which oats will take longer to digest and make you feel more satiated over time. If you’re getting both these oats to a place where you can eat them arent they basically the same in terms of satiation over time?For example old fashion 5min home prep + 25min factory prep = steel cut which is 30min home prep?Are these two oats equal?  Just that the one had more factory processing time?Thanks.UPDATE: I read everywhere that steel cut has a lower GI index value but the difference is less clear.  I’m seeing anything from it being nearly the same to 2 points diffs to 10 points diffs.  Quaker doesn’t seem to report this value.  Anyone know the diffs. Because for 2 points lower GI it’s probably not worth cooking the oats for an extra 25min IMO."
"In germany "Magerquark" is extremely essential in fitness/bodybuilding since its extremely lean and a package of 500g(65g protein) is like 15€ MAX.  Its also really good for digestion and contains good amount of minerals.  In its pure form its not the most delicious but its def. edible by just adding some fruits."
"I have been reading a lot of about this and everyone has a different opinion.Which of the following oils should be avoided and/or not heated:soybean oilsunflower oilsafflower oilavocado oilcanola oilvegetable oilolive oil&#x200B;Thanks.  I'm trying to be super careful about what I buy.  Most products have these ingredients."
"Over the years I've noticed Trader Joe's items tend to have surprising amounts of fat and calories (particularly saturated fats) given the type of foods or compared to other foods.Here's one example I came upon last night:Trader Joe's Chicken Marsala with Mashed Potatoes:-440 cals per serving-29 g total fat (37%)-16 g sat fat (80%)!-19g proteinMcDonald's double cheeseburger:-450 cals-24g total fat-11g sat fat (57%)-25g protein The fact only 440 calories of the trader Joe's dish has 80% of daily saturated fat is ridiculous in my mind not to mention you might be better off eating the McDonald's cheeseburger (more protein less fat). There are many other examples that I won't type out here and I'm not even sure this is the right subreddit but I'm just constantly surprised how Trader Joe's manages to pack so much fat in their food (mostly frozen) and manages to be more unhealthy than fast food."
"Which broth has the most bang for its buck? Chicken beef veggies etc."
"I'm curious because I just noticed a pressure cooker can cook pre soaked beans in just 5 minutes vs over an hour boiling."
" Are there chocolates that are zero sugar does that mean that the person could easily eat them every day without causing fat accumulation or harm in the gym?"
"Which beans generally are healthier. The whole black beans or refried beans? Is Chipotle generally healthier than say Taco Bell in terms of vegetarian protein with black/pinto beans vs refried beans?"
"Does soaking pumpkin seeds get rid of anti-nutrients (if they have them)? If so for how much time should them be soaked? Thanks."
"Because it doesn’t make any sense to me I’m trying to find out how many calories I’m eating. https://imgur.io/a/UeK0oiJ. Does anyone know?"
"And if the mercury actually is a serious concern what are the best replacements for tuna steaks and canned tuna? [sorry if this is vague but i don't want to break the personal context rule]"
"This comes from Dr. Rhonda Patrick's podcast: [Here's the segment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUy6HwOhT3U&t=2337s)"
"I'm not coeliac and I don't have gluten sensitivity issues but I'm wondering if there are any downsides to a high dietary gluten intake regardless of these sensitivities?"
"I’m not looking for personal recommendations I’m just surveying what people have to say.Brownie points for people that also cite peer-reviewed evidence in their responses."
"So I recently learned that eating a lot of refined sugar (fructose in particular) depletes your reserves of certain vitamins and minerals (i.e Zinc Magnesium Vitamin C and vitamin D). Yet fruits are very high in fructose so now i'm asking myself if fruits are depleting those vitamins and minerals?... It sounds so stupid and counter-intuitive so I wanted to ask this sub. Is it significantly different from eating sugary snacks?EDIT: I added some citations in the comments for those interested"
"So I’ve seen a lot in the past about making sure you get a wide variety of colors in your diet but I don’t see how doing this would have direct benefits to health other than just trying to get people to eat a variety of foods in general.In talking about this my mind also goes back to a lesson that I remember in middle school. The darker the fruit/vegetable is = the healthier it is for you. Does this hold truth? I think of things like sweet potatoes having more nutrients than regular potatoes but can we really generalize it like that?I can’t seem to find much on this other than blogs about aligning chakras."
"Basically scientists are pretty sure exercise causes an endogenous antioxidant response in the human body to respond to oxidative stress generated during exercise. There’s a hypothesis out there that exogenous antioxidants such as vitamin C or vitamin E can actually negate the physiological adaptions to exercise because the oxidants are being countered by the exogenous antioxidants sort of as a first choice rather than your endogenous antioxidants. Big confounding caveats here but I’m Just giving the simple idea here. Here’s some lit to look at 1.) https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7697466/2.) https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27260682/"
"And if so is it as bad as blended fruit juice/smoothies?"
"Hi I'm a gelatin enthusiast and since these candies are so damn tasty I was wondering if they can add to my otherwise elevated gelatin consumption... \^\^At the back of the bag ingredients are listed; their respective percentages appear nowhere but ingredients are sorted in a descending order fashion and usually gelatin is the third or the fourth.Google-fu was of no use to me although gelatin may account for at least 2 % of the total weight for another ingredient listed farther had that percentage mentioned (think of the previous point).By any chance does anyone know or estimate?Thanks a lot \^-\^"
"So often I see programs use current body weight to run some quick math and determine daily calories and protein goals for weight loss or bulking. **My question is:** Why do we do the calorie and protein calculations from **"Current Bodyweight"** instead of **"Goal Bodyweight"**? If someone is overweight isn't that going to result in you overeating?"
"I'm curious because it has more fiber per serving plus its potassium & magnesium is super high it's off the charts. Almost seems to good to be true."
"I’m aware water soluble vitamins degrade but would I be right in saying minerals never degrade? Do fat soluble vitamins degrade when cooking. How much cooking would degrade vitamins n minerals"
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XjmvBFt63kWhat are your thoughts on this video?"
"Is there such a god like protein powder with just organic pea protein isolate with hemp protein? Yet to see one."
"Do the beans (legumes) have better nutrition if theyre cooked from scratch or is canned and frozen just as good?edit: I meant to say are dried beans as good as canned or frozen... (oops)"
"Hey everyone! Today is World Soil Day and I wanted to take a moment to talk about the importance of soil and how it affects our daily lives.Many people might think of soil as just dirt but it's actually a complex ecosystem that supports plant growth and is home to countless microorganisms. In fact one teaspoon of soil can contain more microorganisms than there are people on Earth!But soil is not just important for plants and microorganisms. It's also crucial for our food production. Without healthy soil we wouldn't be able to grow nutritious fruits and vegetables or raise healthy livestock. In other words our food supply would be greatly diminished without healthy soil.Aside from its role in food production soil also plays a key role in our environment. It helps to filter and clean our water reduce air pollution and regulate climate. Soil also acts as a natural carbon sink storing carbon dioxide and helping to combat climate change.So as we celebrate World Soil Day let's remember the many ways that soil supports our daily lives. And let's take action to protect and preserve our soil for future generations.Happy World Soil Day!"
"I’m just curious about whether or not eating junk food in one day has any adverse effect as opposed to spreading out junk food over the week (assuming what you are eating the same amount in both scenarios). I know one of the problems with buying a package of pop tarts and eating them all in a day is that you’ll just turn around and go buy more upping the calorie count for the week. But let’s say you can only eat that one box of pop tarts. Is it harmful to just finish them in one day vs eating one pack from the box every day until they’re gone?"
"Can someone eat as much of this as they want? The tub Contains 7 servings (100 calories with 0 fat 6 grams of carbs & 18g protein)."
"I read that beef liver is a great source of nutrition and is basically a multivitamin but better. And eggs have choline which helps with learning. What other foods are you eating or drinking to boost mental performance?"
"Lectins in legumes"
"What is healthier especially for sugar/cholesterol?"
""
"I found this really interesting because I am always harping on "hidden sugar" and how in America it is freaking EVERYWHERE!  You can't escape it even when ordering savory meals they still stick it in there. So props to Ireland for standing up to big sugar! TL;DR In Ireland staple foods have a lower tax rate than non-staple foods. Bread is a staple food but only when it has at most 2% sugar content of the weight of the flour. The Subway "bread" has 10%.They are still allowed to call it bread though. They just need to pay more tax.https://www.independent.ie/irish-news/courts/sandwiches-in-subway-too-sugary-to-meet-legal-definition-of-being-bread-39574778.html>The Supreme Court has found that the bread in Subway's heated sandwiches has too much sugar in it to meet the legal definition of being bread.>The court ruled that with a high sugar content the sandwich could not be deemed a staple food which attracts a zero VAT rate. It rejected arguments by a Subway franchisee that it was not liable for VAT on some of its takeaway products including teas coffees and heated filled sandwiches.>The appeal by Bookfinders Ltd based in Tuam Co Galway included consideration of whether the bread sold in Subway sandwiches fell outside the statutory definition of bread intended under the Value-Added Tax Act 1972 to attract a zero VAT rate."
"Do you all think it's high time we talk about saving soil and restoring it back to health? I can't imagine a world with increasing population and food crisis!Source of info : [https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/soil-depletion-and-nutrition-loss/](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/soil-depletion-and-nutrition-loss/)  [https://www.bbc.com/future/bespoke/follow-the-food/why-modern-food-lost-its-nutrients/](https://www.bbc.com/future/bespoke/follow-the-food/why-modern-food-lost-its-nutrients/)  [https://isha.sadhguru.org/in/en/wisdom/article/soil-degradation-causes-effects](https://isha.sadhguru.org/in/en/wisdom/article/soil-degradation-causes-effects)"
"It's not a hazelnut spread. It's a sugar spread. Despite its advertising it is about the worst thing you can have for breakfast. I feel the need to post about this every time they have a push in advertising and i just saw two commercials this morning."
"So far this year I've lost 17 pounds towards my goal of losing 20 pounds in 2020. While it's too early to declare victory here are two visual aids I've been using to keep my mindset on track.The first is very practical and accurate the second is a bit weird. The first visual is a car’s fuel gauge. If the car runs out of gas you are totally screwed. You might be stuck on the side of a mountain road at night in a snowstorm. You might get hit by a truck just because you ran out of gas.You don’t want your car to run out of fuel and you personally don’t want to run out of food energy. You will get headaches you will get dizzy you might stumble off a curb and get hit by a truck maybe even the same truck. However and this is important you almost never need to be full.In America there are gas stations every 10 miles far more in some places. There’s just no reason to have a belly full of food since almost every gas station these days has more calories than a small country had a thousand years ago. If you really get hungry have a snack order a pizza grab an apple drink a Coolatta it’s not a big deal.So have three meals a day but keep your tank about half full less snacks no dessert more water less second helpings. The second visual is if you are “hungry” and tempted to eat an unhealthy snack or dessert or tempted to have a third or fourth piece of pizza or ice cream or a bowl of cereal late at night imagine this imagine you are at a table and sitting across from you is one of your ancestors from 10000 years ago.The person across the table is dirty their hair is matted and they have not eaten in six days. No one in their family has eaten in six days no one in their entire tribe. No person they’ve met or ever will meet in their entire life has eaten in six days because it’s winter they are not having luck hunting and there simply is no food to be found.In all likelihood if things don't turn around quickly that person everyone in their family and everyone in their tribe will be dead inside of two months.Now imagine that the snack is in the middle of the table and before you eat it you need to explain to the smelly person why it is that you someone who almost always has three meals a day someone who will have three meals today someone who will have three meals for every day the rest of the year someone who has ample body fat someone has a pantry full of food and a wallet full of credit cards needs the snack more than they do.You could start with something like “Og while it's true that six days is a long time I don’t think you’re fully appreciating the stress that I'm under at work...” and then THUMP your head is smashed into the table by Og right before he grabs the snack and divides it among his five children.Don’t piss off Og let him have the bowl of cheetos because if Og dies you die because he's your direct ancestor and if he doesn't make it through the winter you were never born."
"Alright any former obese here? Anyone feel like they were tricked from a young age? Fed a "healthy" diet of Lucky Charms (Vitamins and MINERALS!) HI-C Mini Muffins etc etc? There parents were probably tricked also? Well me too. I was and I'm livid about it not just because of how hard it was to break but also because how hard it is to now maintain. Ever since I've broken those habits of fast food constantly and shoving garbage into my gullet like thousands of Midwesterners I see it everywhere constantly. People who are living this life I used to live being morbidly obese thinking that it's all their choice. That's what they want you to think I feel...yes it's your choice but in order to make those choices you have to essentially abandon your culture. That's not right. 40 percent of the country is now obese up 26 percent from 2008. 2/3 are overweight.  This is not an individual problem. Cornell Univeristy published a study in regards to the costs of obesity. Allegedly 29% of healthcare costs are correlated with obesity. [Source](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2018/02/180208180356.htm)This is destroying the country worse than any other threat yet everyone just goes about their business. This plague is spreading across the world. Like a virus. All for the sake of money. That's all it's about. This is not right. It's immoral."
"Whenever I look online to see what's the healthiest thing to eat at some place or just reading a general article.Most of the time they just focus on calories. Well I don't really care about calories what I care about is the actual quality ingredients in my foods/drinks.I would happily have something with more calories in if it had healthy ingredients. Versus a low calorie option that is filled with crap like sugar  chemicals/additives and just shit nutritional ingredients."
"It’s no wonder why everyone’s fat. It’s like unless you’re amongst the few that carry their meals around you don’t have a choice but to eat shit.Still tryna figure out what I’m going to have for lunch. I refuse to eat shit."
"So for those who don't already know. In the US they will now require food labels to list Added Sugars on all food products. Something that will hopefully help people make better decisions. Also the serving sizes of food product labels is being increased. This one always seemed dubious. Sometimes you would see a product saying it only had 3 grams of fat or something but the serving size would be something extremely low. So now the serving sizes will have to be larger and more reasonable.These changes on the nutrition facts label will take place over the next year or 2 for all products and some have already made changes to their labels. [https://www.fda.gov/food/guidanceregulation/guidancedocumentsregulatoryinformation/labelingnutrition/ucm385663.htm](https://www.fda.gov/food/guidanceregulation/guidancedocumentsregulatoryinformation/labelingnutrition/ucm385663.htm)&#x200B;"
"[https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/14/sugary-drink-sales-fall-38percent-after-philadelphia-levied-soda-tax-study.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/14/sugary-drink-sales-fall-38percent-after-philadelphia-levied-soda-tax-study.html)It looks like the sugar tax works y'all. 1.5 cents per oz taxed. Basically $1.01 more per 2 litre bottle and a 38% drop. This is really encouraging!"
"When I walk around almost every person I see is overweight. I feel like people should look leaner."
"The easiest most simple diet change I could recommend would be to only drink water.Water is what our body naturally needs. It regulates us breaks down protein and heavily effects our mood and how you we feel.Also it's really easy to drink calories. If you look at a can of coke it has 140 calories. All sugar.Our body doesn't need this. Sugar is what's called a zero nutrient. It isn't required for our body. Especially high fructose corn syrup.What you'll find if you only start drinking water is that fat loss will be a lot easier.You won't be consuming "empty" calories in soda and other liquids.You'll be more energized because you'll be actually hydrated.I'm a firm believer that we should go back to our natural roots as much as possible.Water is what we were meant to drink. Not sugary sodas or sugary juices.Water will regulate your energy more and will make working out a lot easier!And that's it! Hope y'all have a great Sunday!"
"So word on the street is that now chickens who were infected with a virus called avian leukosis which lead to cancerous tumors can now be processed and sold. They are calling it a "trimmable condition" they can just cut out. Also inspectors are not required anymore to examine the first 300 chickens of the flock for the virus. Although the chances of the virus transferring to humans is low it's not impossible as some workers have developed antibodies.[https://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/wcm/connect/64cdb173-477c-4014-a8de-48570d4bfe5e/19-01-fsis-final-response-071620.pdf?MOD=AJPERES](https://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/wcm/connect/64cdb173-477c-4014-a8de-48570d4bfe5e/19-01-fsis-final-response-071620.pdf?MOD=AJPERES)   [https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2020-08-11/diseased-chicken-for-dinner-the-usda-is-considering-it](https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2020-08-11/diseased-chicken-for-dinner-the-usda-is-considering-it) Oh one more thing. They are also considering increasing the line speed for processing the chickens. Ship them babys through cancerous tumors and all."
"[https://abc7chicago.com/health/new-fda-guideline-to-require-2-food-label-columns/5807163/](https://abc7chicago.com/health/new-fda-guideline-to-require-2-food-label-columns/5807163/)&#x200B;>Food labels will now have to show exactly how many calories a consumer will eat.    >  >[Under the FDA's new guidelines](https://www.fda.gov/food/food-labeling-nutrition/changes-nutrition-facts-label) each label will have two columns one for the nutritional facts in a single serving and the other with the nutritional fact of the entire package.    >  >This way consumers can no longer say they thought a pint of ice cream had only 300 calories.    >  >The labels apply to manufacturers that sell upward of $10 million in food annually.    >  >Manufacturers that sell less than $10 million in goods have until Jan. 1 2021 to comply with the new label requirements.&#x200B;[FDA Guidelines:](https://www.fda.gov/food/food-labeling-nutrition/changes-nutrition-facts-label)>On May 27 2016 the FDA published final rules on the new Nutrition Facts label for packaged foods to reflect new scientific information including the link between diet and chronic diseases such as obesity and heart disease. The new label will make it easier for consumers to make better informed food choices. The new label is already appearing on packages even before it is required to be used. **Manufacturers with $10 million or more in annual sales must switch to the new label by January 1 2020**; manufacturers with less than $10 million in annual food sales have until January 1 2021 to comply. The FDA plans to work cooperatively with manufacturers to meet the new Nutrition Facts label requirements. **Manufacturers of most single-ingredient sugars such as honey and maple syrup and certain cranberry products have until July 1 2021 to make the changes. Manufacturers of certain flavored dried cranberries have until July 1 2020 to make the changes.**"
"Lately I’ve substituted coffee for ginger tea. I simply boil sliced ginger pieces for about 10-20 mins. Strain into a mug with a little lemon juice and a little honey. My entire system just feels opened right up. My lungs my throat my head my stomach. It’s insane. I swear this stuff must treat asthma because usually this time of year my asthma is terrible. But since I’ve started drinking this no symptoms."
"To me it seems that good proper nutrition is hardly ever stressed pushed or screamed from the rooftops as it should be considering the rapidly rising obesity levels and corresponding health issues. We are can argue about what exactly proper nutrition is but that is not my question and not here to debate it.When a person can go to a fast food joint and eat an *entire* days worth of calories or more in one sitting and have that meal be seriously deficient in many nutrients there is a problem. Repeat this several times per day and it is a recipe for disaster. What makes matters worse is the mindset that having a diet soda with that meal “makes it OK”. The world was literally shutdown within months when the pandemic came around. It was everywhere in the news we knew the danger. We had the information blasted at us. We had the info to make our choices and our actions. Nothing like that about modern diets. There are a few cute little article about rising obesity cutting calories and so on but no screaming articles about how bad the modern diet has become and what it is doing to us. Some will say that it is their body their choice. Fine. But a lot of people might make better choices for themselves if good nutrition was actually stressed and people became educated. Why is nobody raising the alarm -loudly? Why especially are doctors and medical professionals so reserved in their comments to people about this?Obviously a huge and complex issue but I’d like to know if anyone else sees the same things and hear your thoughts."
"I see on this thread all the time about people paranoid that eating a certain way or consuming certain things like tea won’t get you enough nutrients. In medical school we learned that it's ironic that so many people take daily vitamins because in an industrialized western society the grand majority of people even with fairly poor diets are still getting the minimum amount of vitamins and minerals for your necessary biological processes. And that’s their sole purpose. Therefore we  just pee out the excess. In clinic we rarely see anyone with a vitamin deficiency. I've asked an attending pediatrician this and he's never seen a case of scurvy. And rickets is super rare and screams parental neglect or an absurd diet from a picky child that any normal human would know is not sustainable. People health conscious enough to be on this sub would pretty much have to actively try to get a vitamin deficiency and you'd know when it happens because there’s symptoms. Additionally I know a lot of people around here are trying to lose weight or up their fitness so you're already getting too many nutrients or know to not eat only chicken mcnuggets every meal. There's some evidence that a partial Vit D deficiency can have mental effects like lethargy so if you're worried about that then take a Vit D supplement but you really do not need to worry about whether your diet is getting enough nutrients or if things like tea are going to prevent you from getting nutrients. Just eat a balanced diet in moderation. If you’re consuming most food groups most days you’re fine. Edit: pregnancy especially folic acid is an exception to this rant. Talk to your obgyn about pregnancy nutritionEdit 2: A lot of people are talking about iron deficiency for females. Yes if you feel lethargic or have heavy menses make sure you’re eating ideally meat daily. But this just reiterates the point of just trying to get in some of each food group most days. You don’t need to micromanage every thing you eat as long as you do thisEdit 3: My premise is not “there’s no use for supplemental nutrients”. Obviously there are medical conditions that require this. My premise is the average person does not need to be paranoid about your day to day diet nor is there some “more than DV optimal levels” state of health some people keep bringing up"
"For me I was blown away by the amount of potassium in coconut water ([nutrition facts](https://www.prospre.io/ingredients/coconut-water-3276)). 1200mg of potassium in a single 500mL can is just crazy (more than 2 huge bananas)! I love flavored drinks but don't love to drink my calories. So since coconut water was fairly low in sugar I fell in love with it. Once I found out that it was loaded with potassium I loved it even more. I have always struggled to get the 4700mg of potassium so it is like a delicious enjoyable and natural supplement!"
"meta-analysis link to article this is from:. https://www.t-nation.com/diet-fat-loss/tip-eat-one-a-day-to-lose-fat-and-prevent-cancer"
"[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22608371](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22608371)In a time when we have access to unlimited information on nutrition/exercise people continue to become more and more obese. I feel like were living in a paradox or something."
"Tea is a rich source of anti-cancer molecules from catechins. These molecules include**Epigallocatechingallate ie EGCG** - protects your DNA from damage from reactive oxidative species **Lupeol** - suppresses inflammation **Procyanidin** - induces apoptosis (ie death of cancer cells) and cancer cell cycle arrestAs such Tea is one of the most powerful anti cancer foods you can ingest. All info comes from this super interesting study about anti cancer molecules in various foods full study  https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-019-45349-y#MOESM1"
"The Monash University offers this course 'food is medicine' and its completely free! The course is 3 weeks long but you can complete it at your own pace. I thoroughly enjoyed it and learnt alot.Hope you all like it!Link:https://www.futurelearn.com/courses/food-as-medicine"
"Even carrots and peas get sweetened with sugar. Are vegetables that gross? Can adults really not stomach vegetables and healthy foods unless sugar is added?"
"source: https://www.menshealth.com/uk/nutrition/a37590491/vegan-men-fart-seven-times-more-than-non-vegans-study-finds/#r3z-addoorhttps://www.mdpi.com/2072-6643/13/8/2638/htm#app1-nutrients-13-02638"
"Turmeric mustard seeds and garlic are all extremely healthy for you and key ingredients in mustard. I've been making a very potent version with sprouted mustard seeds raw garlic vinegar salt pepper and turmeric powder. It is nice and spicy and adds a kick to whatever I put it on. Mustard as a condiment seems totally underrated as a healthy ingredient."
"https://www.ucdavis.edu/food/study-finds-82-percent-avocado-oil-rancid-or-mixed-other-oilsCeasing my avocado oil use for the moment after this until we get stricter standards..."
"Official link : https://food-guide.canada.ca/en/Dietary guidelines for professionals : https://food-guide.canada.ca/guidelines/Snapshot PDF format : https://food-guide.canada.ca/static/assets/pdf/CFG-snapshot-EN.pdf"
" TEDX Talk: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmWoWOM16uE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmWoWOM16uE)+ Why is the Science of Nutrition Ignored in Medicine? | T. Colin Campbell | TEDxCornellUniversity+ Harvard article on Doctors lacking nutrition classes: [https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/hsph-in-the-news/doctors-nutrition-education/](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/hsph-in-the-news/doctors-nutrition-education/)+ NCBI.NLM.NIH.GOV “Historical Perspective: Nutrition Education in US Medical schools” since 1900. An article about the history of nutrition classes being taught in med school from its boom during WWII to its decline to its regained interest.[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK216786/]"Despite the connection between poor diet and many preventable diseases only about one-fifth of American medical schools require students to take a nutrition course according to David Eisenberg adjunct associate professor of nutrition at Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. He discussed the topic May 8 2017 on PBS NewsHour in a segment that featured the Healthy Kitchens Healthy Lives program that he founded. Co-sponsored by Harvard Chan School and the Culinary Institute of America the program provides doctors and other health professionals with a crash course in how to build food and nutrition into their medical practices to improve health.“Today most medical schools in the United States teach less than 25 hours of nutrition over four years. The fact that less than 20 percent of medical schools have a single required course in nutrition it’s a scandal. It’s outrageous. It’s obscene” Eisenberg told NewsHour.""
"When did science based nutrition become so complicated or has it always been like this?   I've been trying to listen to unbiased  podcast about the scientific scientific literature about health and nutrition and I really don't think that it exists it is all about ketogenic movement.  Now saturated fat and high cholesterol is good for you fat is a good against cancer it is a good treatment for epilepsy  and extends longevity and health span and it is a waste of time to get you fiber in because it is useless some carnivore people even say that fiber is bad for you also we are not meant to eat wheat and grains vegetables are literally poisonous for humans.  Everyone is speculating about ancestral eating is there any concrete proof on how they actually ate and behaved?   You can literally go online and find a study to support you claim how can you separate science from pseudoscience?   My problem is most likely that I'm listening to podcasts instead of actually reading the literature it self but with work school and a newborn baby I have very little time to do that.  Where can I find scientific unbiased literature online?  Are there any podcasts about nutrition that you can recommend?  I've been listening to this podcast Peak Human and that guy says he is on a mission to find the truth about nutrition and says that all we have been taught about nutrition is bullshit.Sorry about the rant but there is just to much information out there and it is hard to separate the truth from bullshit why do we always have to be so extreme when it comes to diets?.Edit.Some people here recommended podcast like Sigma nutriton and Peter attia's podcast I've been listening to it for a while now and I agree it is good.I also can recommend Found my fitness with Rhonda Patrick also American Glutton can be pretty entertaining.I come across people that says Mindpump is great and they claim that they are number one fitness and nutrition podcast in the world and they are pretty good but very business and advertisement heavy."
"I've read a lot of different opinions on nutrition- all the way from you should cut out all meat to you should only eat meat. It drives me entirely crazy that there is so little consensus. But the one thing that keeps coming up- cut out sugar. It seems like an easy win if you can manage it. If I can cut out all desserts cookies fruit juice etc then I can hold my head up high knowing I'm doing something good for my long term health. Do y'all agree?(I would say the one other thing everyone agrees on is avoid processed food but that is a given!)"
"Another study on the dangers of added sugars. This one looked at the risk of premature death from consuming it. They analyzed over 100000 people and found even as little as 1-2 sugar sweetened drinks a week could increase chances of mortality.What was also interesting is they found when sugar sweetened drinks were replaced with artificially sweetened drinks there was actually a decrease in mortality rates. However there was a caveat to this. When artificially sweetened drinks exceeded 4 per day they also noticed an increase in mortality.[https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/press-releases/sugary-beverages-linked-with-higher-risk-of-death/](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/press-releases/sugary-beverages-linked-with-higher-risk-of-death/)[https://www.ahajournals.org/doi/10.1161/CIRCULATIONAHA.118.037401](https://www.ahajournals.org/doi/10.1161/CIRCULATIONAHA.118.037401)“Long-Term Consumption of Sugar-Sweetened and Artificially Sweetened Beverages and Risk of Mortality in US Adults” Vasanti S. Malik Yanping Li An Pan Lawrence De Koning Eva Schernhammer Walter C. Willett and Frank B. Hu *Circulation* March 18 2019"
"And then I tried cutting out carbs just the last couple days... What even is this? Full AND energized??"
"[https://i.imgur.com/yiwu6Fa.png](https://i.imgur.com/yiwu6Fa.png)I made a version of this for /r/veganfitness and it seemed to garner a lot of interest so I made one with animal protein for everyone else. I could not find a graph with this information as it is typically measured per 100g so this took a lot of math. Keep in mind the meats are an aggregate of 7 different sources of information as there are variables in animal protein depending on the cut source etc. Happy to make edits by request."
"[https://academic.oup.com/ajcn/article/113/6/1565/6178918?login=false](https://academic.oup.com/ajcn/article/113/6/1565/6178918?login=false)You guys think proper supplementation would fix this?"
"Hey allSince people are probably not heading out the grocery stores as often I wanted to share some tips I use to keep my produce fresh which saves money and will reduce how often I need to go to the store since I can buy more when I'm there.I feel like I also eat more veg when I do this because it is easier to see them this way than stuck in the vegetable drawers.\*\*Greens\*\*: Kale chard asparagus broccoli mustard greens collards etc: I put these in old pickle jars (or whatever size jar will work best for them based on size remove any rubberbands or bread ties and fill the jar with water. I moved the middle drawer in my fridge up to a higher rack so it was easier to do this. I have also stored them in the fridge door. It makes using them a lot easier since you just pluck a few out the jar when you need them.\*\*Carrots and celery\*\*: I cut the stalks or the carrots into thirds and store them in a covered container filled with water. Sometimes I have carrots and celery on the brink of death of this always brings them back to life after a day or two. Try to change the water every few days if you remember. Sometimes I will chop half the veg into thirds and the other half I will chop into thirds and then quarter (carrots) or halve (celery) each third so they are ready for dipping into hummus. Makes grabbing a healthy snack easier when they are already cut up and ready to go.\*\*Berries\*\*: Let the berries soak in a mix of distilled white vinegar and water for 10-15 minutes and then dry on a towel. While they are drying soak the container they are in in the vinegar water. You only need like 1 part vinegar for 19 parts water to prevent food borne pathogens (they die at a pH of below 4.6 this ratio is about 3.7 pH if using 5% vinegar). I keep my vinegar in a squeezable refillable container so I probably end up with a higher vinegar ratio. Doing this prevents the berries from getting moldy. \*Very important not to store the berries in a covered air tight plastic container as the humidity is too high and they will go bad.\* The berries release gas as they ripen this gas needs to escape or it speeds up the ripening process. Just use the container they came in at the store (after rinsing with the vinegar solution) or store \*uncovered\* in a plastic or glass container without air holes and a paper towel at the bottom to collect any moisture. Check the paper towel for weird stuff and replace if it starts to look like it needs replacing.Not a vegetable but if you buy \*\*bread\*\* from a bakery store it cut side down (or facing the bag) in a paper bag and fold over to increase shelf life.Looking for advisement on spinach and cauliflower cucumber and zucchini. Right now I just put a paper towel in the spinach bag to try to and grab any excess water in there. Cucumber I remember my dad storing in salted water but I haven't done this in decades.\*\*What tips do you have to keep your veg fresh?\*\*  Edit: The vinegar mixture can also be used a veggie wash since that stuff is expensive and probably not stocked at the store. Distilled vinegar is cheap."
"I'm so surprised that I've never learned this before even though it makes sense. But the maxim that you can lose a pound of fat by creating a deficit of 3500 calories is overly simplistic––it's based on a 1958 study and researchers now understand energy expenditure in the body far better. The 3500 calorie rule is based in good research too but it doesn't tell the whole story. The *good news* is that according to newer research it often takes a *smaller* deficit than that to lose weight!Here's a site that will more accurately calculate how many calories you should eat to lose your desired amount of weight based on modern research:[https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health-information/weight-management/body-weight-planner?dkrd=hispt0903](https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health-information/weight-management/body-weight-planner?dkrd=hispt0903)And here's the study talking about this research:[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4035446/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4035446/)Hope this helps!"
"Curious about the science behind this. I know that in general you should drink a lot of water and only water save for maybe unsweetened coffee or tea. But let's say I've been working all day and making sure I'm hydrated has slipped my mind. If I were to drink several glasses immediately after work and did this regularly would it negatively impact any hydration/health benefits I would've otherwise received while drinking throughout the day?"
"I’ve often heard about a link between your gut and your brain. For example feeling like your stomach is upset when anxiety spikes. I also recently read a study stating there may be a link between IBS and other mental disorders such as ADD generalized anxiety and/or depression. Does anyone know more about this and can explain it to me? Or have resources/studies I can read to learn more? I’m also interested in ways to maintain gut health in ways that can ease any related mental disorders.EDIT: I just want to thank everyone I am overwhelmed by the responses! I appreciate both the scientific and anecdotal replies. I can’t wait to dive in and learn more."
"I’ve found recently that many of my friends and coworkers have been skipping breakfast as part of intermittent fasting or other schedule-based dietary plans. It’s really interesting to me because I’ve skipped breakfast a lot in college for college reasons and it’s a habit I’ve held onto until now but I was always told then that it was a habit I needed to fix. Now probably just as I was getting stable enough to start bringing breakfast into my schedule the trend is to skip it! So what happened? Is it just a cultural trend type of thing? Has there been a recent shift in the literature? How did this meal evolve from one level of importance to almost the opposite? This is starting to sound like a sociology question but I’m really curious about it."
"https://www.cnn.com/2019/08/09/health/ipcc-report-food-security-climate-scn/index.html(CNN)Food will become scarcer grocery prices will spike and crops will lose their nutritional value due to the climate crisis according to a major report on land use from the United Nation's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released Thursday.The climate crisis will also change what kinds of crops farmers can grow. Some climates will become too hot for what farmers are growing now. Some climates will see more flooding more snow more moisture in the air which will also limit what can be grown.The report found that quantitatively food nutrition could also decline. Wheat grown at high carbon dioxide levels for example will offer 6-13% less protein 4-7% less zinc and 5-8% less iron according to experiments done with these plants."We are studying how this would translate into the food we eat and also in a range of different crops we are seeing similar results" said one of the report's authors Cynthia Rosenzweig a senior research scientist at the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies where she heads the Climate Impacts Group."
"Why are we so far behind with such an important thing for our body and mind?People still believe things like fat will make you fatExercise is the only way to loose weightAnd people talk about loosing weight look at the scale thinking the only weight going away will be fat.Products still have high contents of artificial sweeteners since they removed fat... I guess someone is making money out of this confusion"
"Sorry if my title sounds clickbait-y and I admit this is probably common knowledge on this subreddit (especially for those who count calories) but I decided to share my approach on why it is so hard for many people to lose or gain weight. Going in-depth with examples and scenarios is a good way to truly understand what's going on from day-to-day and why two persons who appear to eat the same thing might have totally different bodies (fat vs skinny).So... let's start.**#1 : Consistency is key**Don't think of one day think of **one week**. If you don't count calories it's easy to get misleading approximations about what you eat especially if you do not have a routine. Not all meals are equal some are definitely more calorie dense than others even if they appear to be as filling. Let's say your maintenance level is at 2300 calories and you try to make some efforts to lose some weight in a non-drastic way (averaging -300 to -400 calories per day). Let's see how it might pan out on a whole week :- Day 1 : 1900 calories (-400)- Day 2 : 2000 calories (-300)- Day 3 : 3000 calories (+700) (You underestimated a meal and drank two beers with your buddy)- Day 4 : 2000 calories (-300)- Day 5 : 2950 calories (+650) (Friday)- Day 6 : 2050 calories (-250) - Day 7 : 2000 calories (-300)In your mind you thought you did a good job. Overall you had 5 successful days!The problem is that if you combine the numbers you end up with only a -200 negative result over the whole week which is roughly -29 calories per day. At the end of your next week if you end up with a +200 positive result you've basically been at maintenance for two weeks!Being consistent is hard as all it takes is a single day to screw you over (same for gaining weight). That's why counting calories is so effective. If you knew at days #3 and #5 that you consumed a total of 1350 extra calories you'd make sure to consume a greater deficit during the remaining days.Being active doing cardio and playing sports regularly also help as it helps you being consistent on the negative side. If you subtract an average of 150 calories per day because of your active life then suddenly you end up with -1250 calories at the end of the week despise eating way too much on days #3 and #5. Not too bad!**#2 : Don't underestimate cheat days**Similar to reason #1 but in a more drastic way. Let's say you have a proper diet not counting calories and every Friday you tell yourself "fuck my diet for tonight I'm gonna eat pizza and drink booze".To simplify things let's assume that from days 1 to 6 you average -250 calories per day which is a slow-ish deficit rate. That's -1500 calories over 6 days.Now friday night. Your friends are over you eat pizza. That meal consists of an extra 500 calories than usual. Over the night you drink some beers about 4 regular ones. That's about 500 calories. During the whole evening and night you also eat some chips or other junk food for an extra 500 calories.Boom that's an extra 1500 calories. You went from a negative -1500 calories to a maintenance level just because you ate pizza drank 4 beers and ate some chips in the span of no more than a couple hours!This is exactly why diets like keto work so well with most people. Keto doesn't allow you to have cheat days like this because naturally most cheat days consist of an insane amount of carbs. (Most) people don't go on cheat days and eat 4 avocados 1/2 lb of nuts or 2 kilos of tofu. They go on cheat days and proceed to eat junk food and beer. In other words carbs aren't the devil they just happen to be present in most junk-food we eat. **#3 : It's all in the small details**Small details can make a **drastic difference** over a long period of time. When people say "I don't eat that much and I'm fat!" or "I eat a lot and don't gain weight!" they tend to forget about the small details of their daily routine.Let's take person A and person B working in an office. Both seem like they eat pretty much the same thing but person B will definitely become fatter.- Breakfast : Person B drinks an extra glass of milk. +140 calories- Snack : Person A doesn't snack before lunch. Person B eats a small amount of nuts in his cubicle. +100 calories- Lunch : Person A uses mustard in his sandwich. Person B uses mayonnaise. +90 calories- Snack : Person A doesn't snack before dinner. Person B eats a banana in his cubicle. +90 calories- Dinner : Person A and B both eat the same meal.- Late evening : Person A doesn't eat anything. Person B eats a small portion of yogurt before going to bed. +80 calories- Throughout the day : Person A drank two black coffees. Person B drank two coffees with milk and sugar. +80 caloriesOverall person B has consumed an **extra 580 calories!** And yet both persons ate very similar meals (breakfast lunch and dinner) and person B did eat healthy food as snacks so as an outside perspective it's hard to imagine that person B might get much fatter than person A.Also small details appear within a meal :- How much oil do you use? Do you like your salads with a crapload of vinaigrette or a small amount? Do you use a lot of mayo or little mayo or any other low-calorie dense condiments? Do you often incorporate butter in your meals? Do you drink milk/juice or only water? Do you add milk and sugar in your coffee? Do you pour sauces over your meat? How often do you eat desserts? Are you more of a red meat consumer or a white meat / fish consumer? Do you put grated parmesan on all pasta dishes? Do you consume bread with your pasta dishes? Do you generally drink light beers or calorie dense craft beers such as IPAs?I could go on and on... small details can add up *really* fast.**#4 : Just because it's healthy or healthier doesn't mean it won't make you fatter**It's easy to assume that just because you eat healthy food you're going to lose weight. But unless you go from a really shitty diet to a really healthy diet it doesn't mean you're going to lose weight.A banana has nearly 100 calories. An apple has nearly 60 calories. Avocados are high in calories as well as nuts. If you eat brown bread or pasta it's still packed with calories it's just healthier for you than white bread/pasta. Your "healthy" granola bar has probably the same amount of calories than your crappy one. etc...Incorporating healthy snacks throughout the day can be problematic if you weren't eating snacks before for example. *"I'm gonna start eating more fruits!"* Simply switching to a more healthier brand won't necessarily make a difference (granola bars chips crackers etc) either. Yes healthy foods can make you feel full more easily reducing your hunger which can potentially make you lose weight over a long period of time... but you can't take healthy food for granted. Calories are calories so whenever you look up a "healthy looking" product look up for the label. **Heck some people might grab a healthier brand of chips that has about 60% the amount of calories than Doritos but they end up eating more of it!** Because they know it's technically healthier and less calorie dense in their mind they can eat more of it without feeling guilty. At the end of the day you're still going to consume a crazy amount of calories. "
"If you eat fiber before consuming alcohol and sugar will you limit the amount of fat that will be stored as visceral fat or belly fat due to the slower absorption?"
"Here’s a link to the [study ](https://academic.oup.com/ajcn/advance-article/doi/10.1093/ajcn/nqaa092/5841182) *Please make sure you aren't allergic to any of the ingredients before eating.*"
"Isn't eating right the same as eating less? Less on anything we excessively eat?"
"What was it?"
"It can be quitting dairy caffeine or carbs. It can be anything you want - eating fish daily becoming vegan whatever you fancy. What specific nutritional change reaped the most stark results for you?For me it was quitting sugar. My attitude to food wellbeing and body completely changed almost immediately. Would love to hear your anecdotal results."
"Not an expert in nutrition at ALL just pondering if this was a possibility."
"I just want to post a reminder that you shouldn't feel ashamed of indulging in holiday food. Enjoy these few days and don't beat yourself up for enjoying a little bit of over-eating. I have to remind myself that it's ok to enjoy and I shouldn't hold back out of shame or guilt. I'm not saying that you should eat the whole plate of cookies or stuff yourself until you're sick. I'm saying that allowing yourself to enjoy the holiday season will lead to a much better overall feeling and you'll be more likely to eat normally after it's over without over-compensating by starving yourself.Anyway I have to go down and get a late night snack with my husband. Happy holidays everyone!"
"No in between just a question that may or may not open up some debates."
""Eat a salad" is probably the most basic advice most people can receive to improve their health but I actually want to know *why*. ***Why*** are certain nutrients and vitamins so important? On a *scientific level* what really separates 500 calories of salad from a 500 calorie candy bar? Because these things clearly aren't equal but what really makes your body run? And what things actively harm it?In trying to understand food there is simply *so* much conflicting information out there. But those are all "theories". I figure if you actually understand *what* these various nutrients and vitamins are and how they affect your body *then* you can start identifying what is and isn't scientifically-accurate information.Any good resources worth sharing?"
"I learned from this subreddit that cleansing isn’t actually necessary if you have no plausible health related reason to do so as your colon is self-cleansing. This was shocking to me because I see sellers advertising cleansing products all over social media and a lot of consumers fall into that trap (including me) without the knowledge of how it works. So myth debunkers please comment away. I’m really interested in learning any useful information! Thanks🙏🏻"
"Just generally curious."
"Found this super interesting. The repeated reheating of the oil seems to damage it and cause damage to the the creature that eats it. Full study at link ----------------------------------------------------https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5616019/Toxicol Rep. 2016; 3: 636–643.Published online 2016 Aug 16. doi: 10.1016/j.toxrep.2016.08.003PMCID: PMC5616019PMID: 28959587Evaluation of the deleterious health effects of consumption of repeatedly heated vegetable oilAbstractConsumption of repeatedly heated cooking oil (RHCO) has been a regular practice without knowing the harmful effects of use. The present study is based on the hypothesis that heating of edible oils to their boiling points results in the formation of free radicals that cause oxidative stress and induce damage at the cellular and molecular levels. Peroxide value of heated oil histopathological alterations antioxidant enzyme levels and blood biochemistry were determined in Wistar rats treated with the RHCO. RHCO revealed higher peroxide value in comparison to oil that has been unheated or singly heated. Histopathological observation depicted significant damage in jejunum colon and liver of animals that received oil heated repeatedly for 3 times. The altered antioxidant status reflects an adaptive response to oxidative stress. Alteration in the levels of these enzymes might be due to the formation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) through auto oxidation or enzyme catalyzed oxidation of electrophilic components within RHCO. Analysis of blood samples revealed elevated levels of glucose creatinine and cholesterol with declined levels of protein and albumin in repeatedly heated cooking oil group. Hematological parameters did not reveal any statistically significant difference between treated and control groups. Results of the present study confirm that the thermal oxidation of cooking oil generates free radicals and dietary consumption of such oil results in detrimental health effects."
"Seems insane but that is my experience. (UK). Do others find this is the case? Why do you think that is? What things do you think would improve it?(government intervention for the pharma directed education? etc)"
"I no longer know what is healthy anymore. Some people say all animal products are bad. Some people say all grains are bad. Some people say sugar is the heart killer. Some people say it’s fat. I don’t know what to believe. Seems like the only things people agree are healthy are fruits and veggies. All I wanna know is what foods are good and bad for physiological and cognitive performance but I can’t get a straight answer."
"I am surprised that the news isn't talking about this federal bill H.R. 1887 that could establish a National Institute of Nutrition within the National Institutes of Health. [https://www.nytimes.com/2019/02/28/opinion/nutrition-health.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/02/28/opinion/nutrition-health.html)What do you guys think?"
"I love cooking and stumbled about those two ingredients in so many different cousines from middle european to mexican indian and asian. I always thought that our sense of taste gives us feedback on what items are beneficial to us (in a natural environment). Is that the case here?Edit: u/iyzie pointed out that those are prebiotic meaning they provide nutrients for bacteria in our body. This is imho the best answer so far.Edit 2: u/Golden__Eagle posted a great answer with lots of scientific and historical proof below. Read it!Edit 3: So many people say that the sole reason is taste. Taste however is just our body telling us what is beneficial for us (like stated in my original comment) so the question was WHY they taste so good. Keep in mind that things like sugar are indicator for a high caloric meal even if refined sugar itself is not that good for us.Edit 4: Another great angle from u/UpSaltOs"
"I messaged the manufacturer for a product that supposedly has zero calories but is quite sweet. (Lagunitas Hoppy Refresher). The ingredients are water dried hops nutritional brewer's yeast natural flavors. They told me it also contains Stevia. Some googling revealed that the FDA allows a form of Stevia called "Zolesse" to be labeled as 'natural flavor.' So it's not just stevia it's stevia that has been processed or fvcked with in some way and you don't have to tell me that's in my food? Love Lagunitas but won't be buying anything else from them because it seems unethical and dishonest IMO. I was just kinda shocked I thought labels were supposed to be truthful."
"I’ve seen a million different articles vilifying a million different foods and just as many doing the same with raising certain foods or nutrients so high on a pedestal it’s amazing anyone can live without it. So I wonder: for all of you who does the absolute MOST research on nutrition to keep your body running at it’s absolute best to improve daily function and longevity what do you eat and why do you eat it? Don’t skip out on mentioning what oils you use to cook with or where you source your food from. I wanna know it all so I can finally understand what true healthy eating looks like. Include your daily athletic endeavors if possible since what you eat will likely depend on that as well."
"Source: https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/study-found-plastic-in-every-seafood-sample-it-analyzed#Analysis-of-the-seafood-samplesHighlighting Excerpts>“Considering an average serving a seafood eater could be exposed to approximately 0.7 milligrams (mg) of plastic when ingesting an average serving of oysters or squid and up to 30 mg of plastic when eating sardines.”>The study found:>0.04 mg of plastic per gram of tissue in squid>0.07 mg in prawns>0.1 mg in oysters> 0.3 mg in crabs> > 2.9 mg in sardines.> > Regarding the high concentration of plastic in sardines the authors note the fish were purchased in bags made of low-density polyethylene.> > Citing recent research that shows opening such a bag can result in the shedding of microplastics they predict these types of packaging may be an additional and significant polluting mechanism for seafood.> > Co-author Tamara Galloway from Exeter University said “We do not fully understand the risks to human health of ingesting plastic but this new method will make it easier for us to find out.”> > Roughly 17% 10 of the protein humans consume worldwide is seafood. The findings therefore suggest people who regularly eat seafood are also regularly eating plastic.> > Scientists have previously found microplastics and nanoplastics in sea salt beer honey and bottled water. They can also deposit on food as dust particles."
"This is in your personal and/or professional opinion whichever applies.. based on your own knowledge and research. No sources needed just curious and I love posts like these.. some explanations would be great though :)"
"What are some trigger words that let you know when to take nutrition advice with a (proverbial) grain of salt? There’s a very old resource from 2007 that lists 39 words but I’m almost certain the marketers have updated their vocabulary to spread misinformation.[http://www.quackometer.net/blog/2007/02/quack-word-39-superfood.html](http://www.quackometer.net/blog/2007/02/quack-word-39-superfood.html)Among my list of trigger words:1. homeopath2. alkaline3. superfood4. detox5. cleanse6. restore/heal/revitalize7. energy (when not talking about *calories*)8. balance (contextually dependent: 👍 balanced diet; 👎 balance your energy; 👎 balance your pH)9. holistic10. organic (somewhat tricky depending on how it’s used)11. natural (also somewhat tricky depending on how it’s used)12. nutritionist (not *dietician*)If any of the words are in the *title* I skip. If 3 of the words appear in the content while reading I blacklist the site/blog."
"https://www.telegraph.co.uk/foodanddrink/8262788/Sardinians-call-for-formal-recognition-of-diet.html>**Sardinians call for formal recognition of diet**>Sardinians renowned for a propensity to live to 100 and beyond want formal recognition for the island's unique diet.>...>Sardinians insist the secret to a long life can be found in their traditional diet of lamb roast piglet milk and cheese including the notoriously pungent "casu marzu" sheep's milk cheese which is eaten when it is crawling with maggots.>Sugar and sugary foods are eaten sparingly with desserts and pastries reserved for saints' days and festivals like Christmas.>Sardinians eat less carbohydrate-heavy pasta than their counterparts on the mainland of Italy and their diet is particularly rich in proteins derived from milk and cheese.>..."
"For me it was chia seeds I grew up with chronic constipation these seeds changed everything for me.Edit: Thanks a lot for all your responses hearing some really great stuff that i’ll be trying in my life"
"Curious to know if there any foods thought to be healthy by the majority but actually provide very little benefit or are harmful"
"GMOs are in my opinion one of the best inventions of the human race. Plus anything that we eat has been cultivated over the years and just taken a longer time to get to a stage that genetically modifying it would. I understand organic not wanting pesticides and all but the way I see it GMOs are the future of the human race and the only way for us to feed an increasingly large population. So why does it worry so many people?"
"This Question has bugged me for a long time now. I am a vegan for 5 years now and i begin to question if a little animal products would be better then none at all and diving through the world of food studies left me.....even more confused then before.  It's like its virtually impossible to find out what the ideal Human diet would be for the Human Body and/or the Planet. I keep finding contradictory studies. Results that don't work together and so on.  There probably is no easy "label" anwser for this like "vegan/Paleo etc is THE right anwser) but probably a mix but if there is  I can't find it  Anybody got something on this cause its driving me nuts"
"Really great roundup of various studies re: microbiome herehttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3448089/The influence of diet on the composition of the microbiota has been shown during the initial colonization phase: breast fed infants have higher levels of Bifidobacteria spp. while formula fed infants have higher levels of Bacteroides spp. as well as increased Clostridium coccoides and Lactobacillus spp. [44]. Beyond the postnatal period the microbiota was suspected to be relatively stable throughout life. However several recent studies have shown that dietary factors alter the microbial community resulting in biological changes to the host (Table 1). In fact the composition of the gut microbiota strongly correlates with diet as demonstrated by a study assessing the relative contributions of host genetics and diet in shaping the gut microbiota and modulating metabolic syndrome phenotypes in mice. In mice fed a diet high in fat there are many key gut population changes such as the absence of gut barrier-protecting Bifidobacteria spp. Overall dietary changes could explain 57% of the total structural variation in gut microbiota whereas changes in genetics accounted for no more than 12% [45]. **This indicates that diet has a dominating role in shaping gut microbiota** and changing key populations may transform healthy gut microbiota into a disease-inducing entity. For example the “Western” diet which is high in sugar and fat causes dysbiosis which affects both host GI tract metabolism and immune homeostasis [46]. This was modeled in a humanized mouse model where adult human fecal microbiota was transplanted into GF mice. The mice were fed a low-fat plant polysaccharide-rich diet and when switched to a “Western” diet the microbiota composition shifted to an overgrowth of Firmicutes including Clostridium innocuum Eubacterium dolichum Catenibacterium mitsuokai and Enterococcus spp. as well as a significant reduction in several Bacteroides spp. [18]. In mice carbohydrate-reduced diets result in enriched populations of bacteria from the Bacteroidetes phyla [47] and calorie-restricted diets prevent the growth of Clostridium coccoides Lactobacillus spp. and Bifidobacteria spp. which are all major butyrate producers required for colonocyte homeostasis [48]. Diets rich in complex carbohydrates show less pathogenic species such as Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis and Enterobacteriaceae [49] than diets higher in fat or protein [48505152]. Complex carbohydrates also increase levels of beneficial Bifidobacteria spp. such as B. longum subspecies longum B. breve and B. thetaiotaomicron [53]. **Refined sugars on the other hand mediate the overgrowth of opportunistic bacteria like C. difficile [54] and C. perfringens by increasing bile output** [55]. Vegetarianism alters intestinal microbiota in humans because high amounts of fiber result in increased short chain fatty acid production by microbes which decrease the intestinal pH. This prevents the growth of potentially pathogenic bacteria such as E. coli and other members of Enterobacteriaceae [56]. Interestingly it has been found that European children have a microbiota depleted of Bacteroidetes and enriched in Enterobacteriaceae compared to rural African children which the authors attributed to low dietary fiber intake by Europeans"
"I wish people knew literally gaining weight is more calories taken in than lost I don’t understand why so many people think carbs are so bad yes it is true processed and refined carbs are really no better than dessert but if you eat some grilled chicken and brown rice while watching calories I honestly believe you will be fine"
"Idk if it's just a USA thing or not but like...they contain calories and macro and micronutrients so why don't they have nutrition labels? How does one find info on such things when the alcohol websites don't even have it a lot of times?Edit: this was asked out of pure cuirosity. If you're going to make comments that are not engaging to the post I'm reporting them for rule violations. No one is saying alcohol is healthy. Nutrition ≠ nutrious. If it is consumable and the body can process the energy it has Nutrition doesn't mean it's healthy or good. Otherwise junk food wouldn't need Nutrition labels either but it does because it has a calorie and Nutrition value (fat carbs and protien are nutrients i.e. macros). This isn't being asked because of a weight loss goal this isn't being asked because of excessive drinking. It's literally a question that pops into my head everytime I see alcohol at the store and I finally decided to ask. There's absolutely zero need to come on here giving your opinion on alcohol over a simple curious question. Allow people to be curious and don't post the comment. Thank you."
"Why is it that when a person eats a good meal of fish and salad for dinner and it's like 400 calories and they are not hungry but when they eat a medium fri and carmel frappuccino from McDonald's for dinner and its 1000 calories they are starving in two hours.And is 400 calories of real food = 400 calories of junk in terms of weight loss?Ex: avocados have more calories than candy."
"Why didn't human taste buds evolve to prefer things that are good for us? Field mice love vegetables and dogs avoid hard candies for example."
"I mean when you eat a pound of chicken and some of it comes out as feces I'm sure the feces itself contains calories? So when you deduct those calories doesn't your 500 calorie food become a net of only 400 calories or whatever? Or does your body absorb the full 500 calories even if it ultimately expels some of it as feces?Tldr: what is the caloric value of shit? "
"Like potatoes eggs etc. For instance one large potato (300g) is packed with:Vitamin C 37%K 8%Thiamin 20%Niacin 20%B6 40%Folate 7%B5 15%Magnesium 15%Potassium 28%Copper 25%Manganese 21%That’s an insane profile for a food that is largerly overlooked amidst the hype over goji berries quinoa etc. Not that they are bad they just tend to be on every top 10 list while potatoes a carbohydrate which is of course undesirable nowadays is nowhere to be found."
"Just wondering this"
"Hi guys. We all know that kale is good for you ditto blueberries avocado blah blahBut what foods do you think deserve more credit?For me it's beetroot. I'm an endurance runner and swear that eating it gives me access to energy reserves I didn't know I had. I know they make shots of it but I'm talking regular beets. It was a revelation for me."
"I love dates. They are so uniquely sweet soft and chewy with a candy bar-like texture!What other healthy foods would you consider luxurious?"
"First off beans are the cornerstone for every blue zone diet in the worldhttps://www.bluezones.com/2016/06/10-things-about-beans/So there's that. But for the microbiome they are incredible. First understand how important Resistant starch is for the microbiome.https://www.dermveda.com/articles/why-you-should-eat-resistant-starch-for-a-healthy-microbiome>Resistant starch is metabolized by microbes in the gut to produce molecules called short chain fatty acids such as acetate butyrate and propionate. These short chain fatty acids have significant health benefits including cancer fighting benefits and anti-inflammatory effects.[45] Diets high in resistant starch lead to higher levels of short chain fatty acids and may offer protection against colon inflammation and disease.[6] The dietary fiber that is fermented by our gut microorganisms are referred to as “prebiotics” leading to the production of beneficial short chain fatty acids and other molecules including serotonin and deoxycholic acid.[78]>Eating resistant starch may even improve problems with insulin regulation including insulin resistance and diabetes.[9]https://www.gutmicrobiotaforhealth.com/en/new-review-explores-latest-knowledge-resistant-starch-nutrition-modulator-gut-microbiota/>In addition RS (resistant starch) has specific beneficial effects on the gut environment including increased populations of Ruminococcus bromii -a dominant member of the phylum Firmicutes that plays a primary role in releasing energy from dietary starches that escape digestion by host enzymes through its exceptional activity against particulate resistant starches. Besides this ingestion of food products rich in RS has been shown to increase luminal short-chain fatty acid levels modulate microbial metabolism and improve markers of glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity>Regarding cell signalling pathways that can explain physiological effects of RS using animal models it has been well documented that **resistant starch has strong anti-inflammatory properties**And beans are far and away the best source of resistant starch in our diets. They have many more times the RS as any other commonly eaten food. See here for more.https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/2015/11/16/ask-the-expert-legumes-and-resistant-starch/Eating beans may even alter the microbiome in such a way as to kill cancer cells!https://www.healio.com/gastroenterology/oncology/news/online/%7B1d9afc8b-cef1-4b45-94bc-61dbfc08144b%7D/rice-bran-navy-beans-boost-gut-microbiome-slow-crc-cell-growth>To evaluate the chemopreventive effects of rice bran and navy bean intake Ryan and colleagues performed a phase 2 pilot study (the BENEFIT trial) in which they randomly assigned 29 CRC survivors to consume 30 grams of rice bran per day 35 grams of navy bean powder per day or neither for 4 weeks.>They found that increased consumption of rice bran and navy beans led to higher dietary levels of fiber iron zinc thiamin niacin vitamin B6 folate and alpha-tocopherol. Further stool microbiome analyses revealed the rice bran group had increased gut microbial richness and diversity and the navy bean group showed increased gut microbial richness.>Notably analysis of human stool metabolite extracts before and after the dietary intervention showed increased intake of rice bran or navy beans reduced growth of colorectal cancer cells.There's more but thats all I will post for now."
"Culturally in America we have such low expectations for our kids nutrition. Theres so much sugar in everything I find it nearly impossible to get them them to eat healthy. Mac n cheese chicken nuggets pizza peanut butter and jelly seem like the standard set in America. also my kids get offered cookies and ice cream  chips and all sorts of garbage at their friends house. We feed kids this stuff because its convenient and they like it  but i cant help but think that  if everybody just had higher expectations then all kids would eat healthier.Does anyone else have this experience? What healthy meals/foods do you get your kids to eat?"
"Like "coffee is diuretic so it dehydrates you" well it's been shown that it's not THAT strong of a diuretic and the water in the coffee more than makes up for what you'd lose.or "you need a LOT of protein to grow" if that was true mother's milk would be a lot more than 1% protein!etc..."
"What I mean by this is changing small things in ur diet that can make a big difference long term. Example: switching out soda for sparkling water.I'm getting back into eating clean but I know that sometimes the little things can mess u up.Edit: Wow! This post got a lot more attention than I thought it would and someone even gave me a gold! Thank u so much for the feedback everyone I really appreciate it. I'm more motivated now than ever to eat better and get healthier knowing that so many others r doing the same."
"Fascinating [article](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/how-the-western-diet-has-derailed-our-evolution?fbclid=IwAR2rFyEch7g7eieK1_4LyO20MC-gg00EViUQahr4PGsL8tAIwBaDjvM6zLc) profiling the research of Drs. Justin and Erica Sonnenburg and others who are exploring the effect of the Western diet on our gut microbiome."
"I see them in almost every diet plan that looks solid to me. Also they have been amazing for me at a personal level (yes n=1). Sardines and eggs... Such a powerful combo. And so cheap!Do you consume them? How? Other super cheap superfoods?"
"A remix of the other thread...Anything fit the bill?"
"I decided to find out..https://i.imgur.com/nZxAA0v.jpgAs you can see I was unable to weigh out that much on my little scale.. HMMMMaybe I shouldn't drink these anymore"
"Just wondering this as I came across an old post where somebody admitted to believing nutella was healthy because it had hazelnut lmao. But I'm asking for less obvious examples. Stuff that is generally touted as healthy which actually has lesser known detrimental effects on overall health"
"I just read through that other thread and was really surprised how many people said "There is no standard definition" or "I just use my own definition" or something like that.In order to research the effects of processed foods it's obviously important to have a well-defined definition for what is or isn't a processed food.A very common definition used in a lot of research is the NOVA food classification:https://educhange.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/NOVA-Classification-Reference-Sheet.pdfIn short it breaks up all foods into 4 groups:GROUP 1: UNPROCESSED OR MINIMALLY PROCESSED FOODSGROUP 2: OILS FATS SALT AND SUGARGROUP 3: PROCESSED FOODSGROUP 4: ULTRA-PROCESSED FOODSThere are often foods that at first glance might not obviously fall into any specific category but the examples generally put most foods very specifically in one category.E.g. you might think that dried pasta should be group three processed but it is considered group 1: minimally processed while homemade bread is considered group 3: processed. It might not be a perfect definition but it provides a common framework from which we can work. Generally when you read about scientific studies talking about the effects of processed foods they are referring to NOVA classifications:e.g. I just grabbed some of these of google scholar:https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Geoffrey_Cannon/publication/334945695_FAO_Ultra-processed_foods_diet_quality_and_health_using_the_NOVA_classification_system/links/5d45a462a6fdcc370a79b7aa/FAO-Ultra-processed-foods-diet-quality-and-health-using-the-NOVA-classification-system.pdfhttps://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/public-health-nutrition/article/un-decade-ofnutrition-the-nova-food-classification-and-the-trouble-withultraprocessing/2A9776922A28F8F757BDA32C3266AC2Ahttps://academic.oup.com/ajcn/article/106/3/717/4822399https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/british-journal-of-nutrition/article/ultraprocessed-food-consumption-and-excess-weight-among-us-adults/5D2D713B3A85F5C94B0C98A1F224D04A"
"In order to lose weight you have to be in a calorie deficit... so if you eat 2000 calories a day but you work out enough to burn 2500-3000 would you not still lose weight? Or is the statement meant to be more from a health perspective that... yes you *can* lose weight while not eating well your end result still won't be "healthy"?Edit: I don't think people are taking into account the fact that humans do burn calories daily by existing. That's why people can eat 2000 calories a day and not gain weight - they maintain their weight.   So the point being-- say someone naturally burns 2000 calories a day during a day of just walking around the house/maybe walking around the office and going for a 30-minute walk... and they also eat 2000cal/day.  And then they decide to take up a fitness routine... cardio resistance weight training etc and they end up burning like 200-300 extra calories a day thus making them in that 200-300 calorie deficit... they'd still lose weight wouldn't they? "
"What tips worked for you?I'm finding that I'm trying to eat healthier by eating less sweet things and leaning towards more savoury options. However no matter how much water I drink I always feel this need to "eat something sweet to balance out the saltiness". Any suggestions would be super helpful!Edit: The responses from everyone had so many useful tips. Everyone has been so encouraging and honest about their attempts and what's worked for them. Time to take it day by day and start making more mindful choices. Hoping this sets an example of how we are all in this together. STOP SUGAR! SAY NO..but yes to fruits healthy fats and protein! Thank you for the reward kind redditor it seriously made my week :)"
"So this has bugged me for awhile as I've lost weight over the past months. It seems like the "average" person intakes about 2-3K calories a day to maintain a healthy weight but I'll constantly see very thin people that I don't hear about being too active going out to eat very calorie rich meals (Multiple beers or Sodas lots of meat and sides).&#x200B;As I've done more research into meals I'm eating it always makes me feel like meals like this must be well over a thousand calories if not almost two thousand; but surely they're not just eating one meal and calling it quits? Is there something fancy I'm missing here? I'm not asking for any diet advice or whatever I'm just trying to educate myself on how this stuff works"
"As far as I can tell most of the science on artificial sweeteners suggests that they are harmless in the doses in which they're generally consumed. So why is it so common for people to think they're unhealthy?"
"I dont think these results are dramatic but still very interesting http://time.com/5369028/carbs-healthy-diet/>When it comes to carbs your best nutrition strategy might be the oldest one in the book: moderation.>That’s according to a new study published in The Lancet Public Health which finds that people who get about half of their total calories from carbohydrates may be at a lower risk of early death than those who follow either very high- or very low-carb diets. The researchers estimated that people who ate a moderate amount of carbohydrates at age 50 had a life expectancy of around 83 compared to 82 for high-carb eaters and 79 for low-carb eaters.link to study https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanpub/article/PIIS2468-2667(18)30135-X/fulltext"
"Does the sugar and fat of the ice cream cause more harm then the cardiovascular improvement of working out if pure calories are net 0?"
"I wish people read nutritional facts on labels more carefully.Packed Juice is not good for you. Stop giving it to your kids.Dietary fats and body fat is two different thing"
"I can understand processed meat but normal steak and stuff like why is it bad? It seems strange to me because to me it feels like that is what our bodies should be used to after being hunters for several millennia.  Perhaps this is the wrong sub but I’m not sure where else to ask.Edit: I really appreciate all the answers :)"
"A few years ago soy was the way to go if you wanted to be healthy. Eat tofu not meat. Don’t drink milk sub soy milk. This was the way to be at peak health.Soy was the only alt milk in the store. Nowadays I can barely find soy milk in the store — it’s covered up by oat and coconut milks which many say are “healthier”.My question is when and why did this happen? I hear the argument of estrogen being the issue but in my country we have the one of the highest life expectancy and lowest obesity rate (japan) and we eat soooo much soy. My typical breakfast is natto on rice with tofu dipped in soy sauce. Literally it’s all soy aside from the rice. 😅 Is there any proof that the soy estrogen can have damaging effects for the average healthy adult? Is that really the only reason soy is demonized in the community?"
"In other words is there one single meal plan that you could repeat for every meal of the day that would be safe and healthy to eat every day for the rest of your life? May not be fun but it would make getting healthy easier and more cost effective (you'd know what you're buying every week into the known future). As an **example**: Brown rice a hard boiled egg mixed steamed veggies and a grilled boneless chicken breast.  You'd eat that every breakfast lunch and dinner. Does such a meal exist?"
"This post was inspired by this tifu:   https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ww76wy/tifu\_drinking\_water\_gave\_me\_kidney\_stones/There are many foods out there that are full of the worst possible shit but companies are still trying to sell them as healthy.Granola bars diet yogurts gluten free snacks and so on.Is there a food that you were tricked into eating because you thought it was healthy and then turned out to be junk food?"
"My father told me that a fat cell will get large enough and split. However once a fat cell is created it never goes away. Meaning that when you lose weight if that cell that were created aren’t destroyed but just get smaller. That those people who were previously obese more susceptible to weight gain and other fat related issues because the cells are still there. Is this true?"
"Are you tired of the same old “here are some eggs and chicken breast with kale avocado and that everything bagel seasoning”?Let’s share some Persian Thai Ethiopian African Japanese etc. ideas for making at home that are still equally workout and fitness healthy please. Thank you!Edit: Yes yes “African” includes Ethiopian I know that."
"Is Raisin Bran sugar healthier since it mostly comes from the raisins or are both considered junky because the sugar count is so high?"
"I have read about this in a few magazines recently as well as hearing it from some of my clients. The idea that you should not take creatine and caffeine together as creatine causes water retention while caffeine causes water loss. In other words the two supplements cancel each other out.I wanted to address this for anyone confused about this. Quick rundown of my creds: Bachelor's degree in Human Kinetics certified with International Sports Science Association as a fitness trainer nutrition coach and S&C coach. 5 years experience as a personal trainer. Avid reader of scientific literature in the realm of sports medicine. Lover of both coffee and creatine :)Firstly I would like to mention something often overlooked in the explanation for why these two supplements oppose each other; water manipulation is neither the main function of creatine nor caffeine. At least in the way people primarily use these supplements.Creatine increases creatine phosphate stores in the muscles improving athletic performance particularly in short bouts of high-intensity effort. Caffeine blocks adenosine receptors (our "tiredness" receptors) improving energy levels focus and overall athletic performance. With these functions in mind it is clear that these two supplements do not antagonise but rather synergise to improve athletic performance.Lastly the water changes associated with creatine and caffeine are fairly negligible. Furthermore there are very few contexts where one would use these supplements specifically for their water manipulation effects. One would be the use of caffeine to cause water loss for a weight-class athlete to 'make weight'. Another would be a bodybuilder hoping to use creatine's water retention to 'puff up'. (Not that it would make much difference since the maximum water retention throughout the body from creatine use appears to be around 2lbs).These magazines and so-called experts neglect to address these very specific contexts and instead treat them as the rule rather than the exception. (I believe this is just for the sake of being controversial and edgy but that's a discussion for another day).What do you guys think about this?TL;DR: Creatine and caffeine can be used synergistically to improve athletic performance with consistently proven success. The difference observed in athletic performance is far more significant than the difference in water retention/loss."
"This was [a reply that I made previously](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/azyrq3/how_i_felt_using_those_meal_delivery/eibigwi/) but it was mostly ignored.  I thought I would share here as well in case anyone else finds it useful.Basically my wife and I are doing a BlueApron/HomeChef meal planning but we're doing it with a couple of apps.  The best part about it is that we're not shipping food across the country we're buying it from our local grocery stores -- yet still having it delivered to our house.&#x200B;It involves two apps (note: I am not affiliated with either of these apps)* [Mealime](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mealime-meal-plans-recipes/id1079999103?mt=8)  — this is a great recipe app; it allows you to schedule your meals  filter recipes on your personal food preferences -- you can specify low carb keto paleo vegetarian flexitarian etc -- you can even list ingredients you don't like or are allergic to.  The recipes are all high quality beautifully photographed and easy to read.  Most importantly it lets you  upload your shopping list to Instacart which brings me to the second  app.* [Instacart](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/instacart/id545599256?mt=8) — order groceries from local grocery stores and *have them delivered the same day*.   So instead of picking out meals and shipping your groceries from  across the country you’re just ordering from stores you probably  already shop.  I believe there’s either a delivery fee or you can sign  up for $99/year (in which case any order over $35 is free).  Either way it’s probably cheaper than any of the home  chef options out there.So when we plan our meals for the week it all goes into Instacart.  Then we take out the stuff we have already and hit the order button.  It usually arrives at our door in an hour or two.  Much cheaper more convenient and quicker than other meal prep services.&#x200B;EDIT: [Check Instacart availability in your area](https://www.instacart.com/grocery-delivery)."
"I am not doing a research here. Just want to read your experience. Is there any food you introduced to your diet (also removed if you want) that really made the difference in how you feel?Please report also the mayor benefit. I am very curious :)"
"Is this a good idea of the FDA to set such a low maximum? obviously if someone is taking supplements they are deficient. Smart idea to put the max at 2% the DV \*rolls eyes\* 2% doesn't even make a noticeable difference.[https://nutritionfacts.org/video/98-of-american-diets-potassium-deficient/](https://nutritionfacts.org/video/98-of-american-diets-potassium-deficient/)from  [https://www.self.com/story/the-important-nutrient-you-never-think-about-and-are-probably-deficient-in](https://www.self.com/story/the-important-nutrient-you-never-think-about-and-are-probably-deficient-in) :" We tend to spend a lot of time worrying about whether or not we [get enough vitamin D](http://www.self.com/wellness/2016/05/think-you-might-be-vitamin-d-deficient-heres-how-to-tell/) or [iron](http://www.self.com/wellness/2016/04/iron-deficiency-anemia-symptoms/) or even calcium. Lots of people [take vitamins and supplements](http://www.self.com/wellness/2016/05/how-to-take-vitamins-correctly/) to make sure they're getting enough of certain nutrients. But there's one often-overlooked nutrient that the majority of adults in the U.S. are deficient in and you've probably never taken a second to think about it: potassium."Less than 2 percent of Americans get in the 4700 milligrams of potassium per day that is recommended" [Kim Larson R.D.](http://www.totalhealthrd.com/about/) a Seattle-based nutrition and fitness coach and spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics tells SELF. The [2015 USDA Dietary Guidelines](http://health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015/guidelines/chapter-2/a-closer-look-at-current-intakes-and-recommended-shifts/) actually calls out potassium as a "nutrient of public health concern" because most people don't consume enough and low intakes are associated with negative health impacts.""
"So much food remains so regional and no one knows it beyond those in the immediate area. For me i live in a place that puts nutritional yeast on our popcorn even at the movie theater. Nutritional yeast is my ride or die for b vitamins and i wish to rep this under represented popcorn topper. Recipe: freshly popped popcorn add a little more butter than usual top with nutritional yeast i usually use a table spoon per family sized bowl. Once you Finnish the popcorn press your fingers into the remaining crunchy bits at the bottom of the bowl and taste what heaven must feel like."
"All in the title. Thanks."
"Abstract:Broccoli is found to be a good source of glucosinolates which can be hydrolyzed by endogenous myrosinase to obtain chemopreventive isothiocyanates (ITCs); among them sulforaphane (SF) is the most important agent. Studies have shown that cooking greatly affects the levels of SF and total ITCs in broccoli. However the stability of these compounds during cooking has been infrequently examined. In this study we proved that the half-lives of SF and total ITCs during stir-frying were 7.7 and 5.9 min respectively while the myrosinase activity decreased by 80% after stir-frying for 3 min; SF and total ITCs were more stable than myrosinase. Thus the contents of SF and total ITCs decreased during stir-frying largely because myrosinase was destroyed. Subsequently it was confirmed that compared to direct stir-frying hydrolysis of glucosinolates in broccoli for 90 min followed by stir-frying increased the SF and total ITC concentration by 2.8 and 2.6 times respectively. This method provides large quantities of beneficial ITCs even after cooking.Original Link:https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jafc.7b05913PDF:http://docdro.id/tc6EM19"
"I've been counting it for years."
"Judgment free zone please. I discovered keto back in October. I knew it was a fad diet but I embraced it. I kinda avoided the cultish aspect of it and ate mostly chicken salads (chicken romaine avocado hard boiled eggs pepper jack cheese) and meats like salmon or chicken with a side of broccoli cauliflower or Brussels sprouts. Snacks included cheese sticks cucumber slices spoonful of peanut butter before bed. I ended up losing 30 pounds but I’ve been doing more and more research and deciding about this diet and I know I don’t want to do it forever and I don’t want to maintain this style of diet. I’ve made good habits on this diet—avoiding processed foods like cookies chips (had a serious binge eating problem)—and meals like salmon or chicken with a side of veggies sounds still pretty healthy right? I might also want to eat less meat (I was a vegetarian for a while). I just want to include fruits quinoa brown rice and be able to enjoy a slice of pizza every now and then without freaking out. My main problem is that I don’t know what next steps to take. Keto made things simple for me it was like following a game system. I’m open to any and all suggestions. "
"[The article](https://neurosciencenews.com/artificial-sweetener-microbiome-9935/)."
"It's sometimes crazy to see how high in calories seemingly 'healthy' options are.  Does seeing the calorie count printed on a menu affect what you order? Or will you still order what you want?"
"Now I understand the benefits of the convenience of protein shakes to hit daily protein goals. It makes it easier especially for those who have diet restrictions on a huge bulk or lack the time or ability to cook. But what I'm referring to is the image of the protein shake that is sold on to the public. The idea that you grab a protein shake do your workout and scuff it down as fast as you can in fear of losing the hard earned gains you just made is proliferated with every novice gym-goer (myself included). When anyone starts a fitness regime they buy protein powder in bulk. It's almost seen as a necessity to building muscle.But if you do some research on nutrient timing daily nutrition etc anyone can easily see that to a general extent the timing of your food intake does not matter except maybe having some carbs in you in the few hours before or after a workout; protein-wise it doesn't seem to make a difference. This throws the necessity of the protein shake completely out the window. Even the idea of needing a shake bottle makes no sense - you can just go home and stir it in a glass and drink and don't need to leave a gross unwashed bottle with a foul smell in the sink for days. The 20g of protein per scoop is such a minuscule amount if you compare it to just cooking the extra amount when you make your meals.So for the basic gym go-er why is the protein shake seen as such a necessity? Am I missing something or is it wholly a luxury for convenience except for those on large bulks or extremely precise and clean cuts or specific diet restrictions? Is it just a tactic of capitalist consumerism to make it seem the benchmark of starting fitness?"
"They said they can't reveal that since it's a proprietary information. First ingredient is Canola and avocado oil so can we assume its just canola oil with perhaps like a single drop of avocado oil? "
"Hi I am a teen and I think that I might be eating too much sugar- every time I feel the slightest bit tired (which is often) I reach for something surgery and I think Of it as a comfort food for me. I’d like to stop this and start engaging in some healthier habits but I can’t just not buy that kind of stuff anymore because I live with my family members and they have the right to eat sugar too. Any suggestions?"
"I read an interview with the former personal chef of Ronaldo and how he completely avoids processed sugar and maintains a low fat diet. They then briefly referenced Messi's personal chef who supposedly does the same thing.They didnt mention why though and I dont understand the benefits of completely avoiding sugar in terms of fitness.Im aware that excess sugar likely causes diabetes. But the key in most health guides seems to be "excess" why would avoiding all processed sugar be so important?"
"To date is there any Scientifically proven way of eating which reduces inflammation in the human body? or is it still the usual avoid sugarbad fats and eat healthy fats. been studying health science for a  while and notice Curcumin seems to be something to be excited about but still not enough solid trials i feel."
"Why is it that the subreddit has over 1 million members and yet the logo is just some planet? Shouldn't it be like a spinach leaf or something?"
"I've noticed that most diets and nutritional regimens out there just try to fix the damage that's already done by excessive weight or obesity either by trying to cause the weight loss through calorie deficit or by trying to undo health damage through healthier food choices. But few of them are concerned about very long term eating patterns one needs to have in order to be and stay healthy and within healthy weight range.I also feel there's been too few studies about eating habits of healthy normal weight people... also too few studies about how the typical eating habits of overweight and obese people differ from eating habits of healthy normal weight people.In my opinion instead of trying to make short term fix by undoing the damage that has already been caused by overweight and obesity it would be much wiser to try and see how we can make long term modifications to eating habits of overweight and obese people to make their eating habits more alike eating habits of healthy people.So my hypothesis is that if overweight and obese people simply copied the eating habits of healthy normal weight people that would be enough to rid them of their obesity permanently and in long term. So there's no need for much philosophy... simply eat what healthy people already eat and you're on your way to become like them. The extra weight wouldn't go overnight... It might take a couple of years until the body adapts to a new eating pattern and until the weight stabilizes on a new healthier level. So the lack of immediate results would be discouraging to many. But I really believe this is the only way to a long term solution.It's interesting to note that sometimes people make such kind of dietary changes unintentionally... It can be the result of moving to another country that has healthier eating patterns or simply marrying a spouse who has different habits when it comes to food. Simply adapting your eating habits to such a new environment could in long term lead to a sustainable weight loss... At least that's what I believe...I am very curious about your opinions on this..."
"It’s often not a lack of education that stands in between me and good health"
"I mean when people hear health they automatically think it's disgusting or hard to sustain because the foods they've been raised on is tasty and to hard to give up. I have personally been one of these people but now that I have focused on my health I realize it is actually quite beneficial and sustainable to me. I actually make really good healthy food that taste fantastic and I prefer it over the processed foods. The flavor in the food you make is irreplaceable compared to stuff you buy in a can or even in a box. I feel like no one is truly educated when it comes to caring for health or learning to cook with real food.Not to mention people think its expensive to eat healthy when in reality I have saved more money sticking to Whole Foods not necessarily buying organic. I need other people thoughts on this"
""
"I just came to the US and enjoyed my simple cooking style. Recently I read an article about how US adults were consuming too much sodium and rushed to my food to check. Everything had sodium. My almond milk had 7% sodium in a serving... Why??"
"Was it a myth you believed as a child? A debunked scientific claim? Or just updated science?For me it was learning in high school that dried mangoes (at least as sold in most of the US) are way too full of sugar and sulfates to consider “healthy-eat often”."
"Veggies are obviously important in a sandwich. But what is the healthiest meat option one can bring to lunch?"
"I’ve heard warm protein to reset circadian clock kombucha electrolyte water etc. Granted-everybody is different.Black tea with milk and honey has usually worked for me but started to make me feel nauseous...Just wondering what works for other people."
"They have a moderate amount of fiber but besides that they are really low in just about every vitamin and mineral yet the saying "an apple a day keeps the doctor away" is still a thing. As someone who eats 3 or 4 apples per day I realize they are a better choice than a bag of chips or a cookie but is there really anything else overly special about apples?"
"I'm familiar with inflammation in the sense that it is the first phase of healing following an acute injury. Inflammation causes redness swelling and an enzymatic cascade to the site of injury. So when I hear people say certain foods promote/reduce inflammation what exactly do they mean? What is this inflammation they speak of-- blood vessels change in certain hormones etc.? It makes me feel like it's a BS marketing tactic but it's such a buzzword that I don't even know what they're talking about anymore lol"
"I was thinking about something like industrial fruit juice. What comes up to your mind?"
"Hello guys I know this is mostly about food but I wanted to see if maybe anyone knew about Long term side effects of not drinking enough water at a young age. My friend hardly ever drinks water and I'm wondering what will happen to his body in the long run. I will probably send him this link for him to check himself."
"Doubles points if you can give foods that can be paired together in a combo meal."
"Food should not be your life.  You should not live to eat but use food to supplement living your best and healthiest life.   Please overlook if this sounds nuts but I just began a healthier lifestyle that includes no junk food and no alcohol. #feelingmotivated"
"Obesity and Malnutrition are on the rise globally. Malnutrition is the cause for ill-health than any other similar cause. On the other hand the health consequences of overweight or obesity contribute to an estimated four million deaths globally. You can blame ill prepared junk food for that.Go through the Global Nutrition Report to understand how it is costing the world trillions...[https://www.cnbc.com/2018/11/30/global-nutrition-report-2018-malnutrition-obesity-a-global-problem.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/11/30/global-nutrition-report-2018-malnutrition-obesity-a-global-problem.html)"
"If you've been eating garbage food in your teens and 20s can the damage done be reversed at all by changing your diet?Edit: Garbage not garageEdit: Whoa didn't expect this much comments! Thanks everyone. Reading through them all I feel a bit better."
"I couldn't find anything conclusive as to exactly why curious if anyone here knows.As an example Costco sells their own muffins and only ingredients and allergens are on the package. No nutrition facts. Why? It's funny because half of one of their muffins is 300+ cals and there's no way to know without searching online or contacting Costco."
"So I ate a good amount of cooked organic beets yesterday and not a whole lot else during the day. That night when I peed my urine was so red I thought I must have some sort of infection bleeding tumor or cancer! It was scary. Then I remembered I ate lots of beets."
"Hey whats up r/nutritionWhat diet "hacks" can you do to make food more nutritious/bioavailable?For example by sprinkling mustard seeds on broccoli you allow the formation of sulfurophane to occur and sulfurophane has a number of health benefits Or by cutting garlic first (and waiting 10 minutes before applying heat to it) you allow allicin to form to its max hence the "10 minute garlic rule""
"like i swear i can never find not even 1 health "fact" that doesnt have like 10 other studies disproving it (im obviously exaggerating) but its so hard to find consisent health facts so as to discern what we should or should not be consuming. does anybody know source of info that they trust and swear by please link it in the comments."
"if a healthy individual were to eat 1500 calories daily and maintain their weight vs another who consumes 3000 calories one day and fasts the next what’s the difference?theoretically they are both averaging the same number of calories weekly so their weights should be similar? does something in their bodies differ? what’s the difference between these two?"
"There is an increasing body of research concluding that gut microbiome strongly effects a lot of aspects of our bodies – composition weight mood mental clarity etc.What changes our gut microbiome?"
"Protein is good. Processed food is bad. Protein powder is both. Neanderthal confused.Also isn't it lacking in micronutrients?"
"Ngl this post is heavily influenced by confirmation bias because I fuckin love wings"
"Bioavailability of calcium:* Brussel Sprouts: 63.8%* Broccoli: 61.3%* Kale: 49.3%* Milk Yogurt Cheese: 32.1%* Almonds: 21.2%* Spinach: 5.1%source: https://blog.nasm.org/nutrition/calcium-strong-bones-muscle-function-much/Spinach has 241 mg of oxalates per cup. Oxalates are what prevent calcium absorption and can contribute to kidney stones. Source: http://veganhealth.org/calcium-part-3/Side note: Vitamin K2 helps with calcium absorption.> It prevents calcium from going into all the wrong places and makes sure it gets into all the right places. For example it keeps it out of your kidneys where it  would cause kidney stones and keeps it out of your blood vessels where it would cause heart disease but helps it to get into your bones and teeth making your bones strong and your teeth resistant to cavities.Source: https://chrismasterjohnphd.com/blog/2016/12/09/the-ultimate-vitamin-k2-resource/"
"I just read that milk actually isn’t good for bone growth and takes calcium away? I’ve been drinking milk for years to try to build strong bones and I’m doing more harm?"
"For me it was nuts - I realized that I’d been eating like 600 calories extra every day!"
"Title speaks for itself i reckon :p personally i just feel as though getting 2L of water in a day for me is becoming an obsession. Is it really necessary? Is it just enough to drink whenever we feel thirst? To listen to our bodies?"
"I don't like to spend time in the kitchen.  I try to make my snacks as simple as possible while also giving me satiety/tasting the way I like.  My snacks:  Eggs (I boil 12-15 eggs and put them in the fidge)  Peas (I make them on the frying pan \[without oil\] and keep them in the fridge)  Red beans (same as above)  Corn mixed with Yoghurt with little pepper  White cheese with tomatoes + little pepper  Mixed carrots with apples (both mixed as pulp)    I am looking for something similar to eggs that would give more satiety - something possibly with fat like eggs that makes you feel full the rest of my snacks I would place lower on a satiety scale than eggs.  What else is there? :)"
"As the title says. I'm not crazy about fizzy drinks. But cakes chocolate cookies ice-cream and fruit yoghurt are a really issue for me."
"I’ve taken one nutrition college course and now I realize how bullshit TikTok nutritionists are. Like someone needs to get them off the site for spreading misinformation.I legit saw a TikTok nutritionist write: “Chemicals > Calories”Idek what to say"
"We all know about the classic advice flubs like the food pyramid but what’re some other things the FDA CDC etc have recommended in the past that turned out to be patently wrong?"
"And maybe your answer to that is "no dessert" but for everyone else I'd be curious."
"I got into an argument with my coworker about this so nutritionists of reddit who is correct?"
"I've noticed that if you combine 5g of nutritional yeast with a can of spinach that it covers nearly every single vitamin and mineral in about 100 calories. Spinach has all the Vitamin ACKCalcium Magnesium. And nutritional yeast has all the B vitamins zinc. You are supposed to have the yeast with food. And it would give the spinach a nutty/cheese flavour to make it more interesting. They complement each other perfectly.You still would be missing 60% of vitamin E all your Vitamin D (hard to get from food - but sardines will work) 40% of your zinc and iron and B2 33% your magnesium and Phosphorus Potassium and Copper. Though you can use 2 teaspoons of yeast flakes to solve half of that. However you cant really get much more iron/calcium/zinc/magnesium from this meal anyway as your body can only absorb 700mg of those at once and you are reaching that limit with this meal.But if you eat this you are pretty much covered since you have another 1900 calories left to get the 10% of things still left. This should fit into any diet. In fact despite being totally carbs this is even keto compliant - as leafy greens at or below 5% of total calories is allowed. It will work with ultra-low calorie diets like 500 calorie OMAD. It will work with putting on muscle while losing fat (when you need to eat 150g in 1500 calories which is tough).Both things store for a long time and take minimal preparation. It costs less than £1. Its also 40% of your fibre. Microwave it or sautee it in butter with garlic and lemon or cumin and garam masla. Then sprinkle yeast flakes at end.One 460g can (2 cups) of spinach (£0.80):* 600% of Vitamin A* 100% Vitamin C* 2500% Vitamin K* 40% Vitamin E* 68% folate (B9)* 40% Calcium* 40% iron* 66% Magnesium5g Nutritional yeast (£10/450*5= £0.11):* 200% B1* 64% B2* 107% B3* 121% B6* 110% Folic Acid (B9)* 88% B12* 20% biotin B7* 117% B5 * 60% zincSources for spinach:  https://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/vegetables-and-vegetable-products/2629/2  https://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/vegetables-and-vegetable-products/2927/2Sources for nutritional yeast:  'Engevita Yeast With B12' - any brand will do though I'm sure. The other way to get B-vitamins from yeast is marmite/vegemite products."
"As a scientist (although not studying nutrition) I'd like to point out an important issue about scientific studies that I think many people are not aware of.When you are reading a paper that is not in your area of expertise it's hard to see or judge its relevance. Specifically about nutrition people will tend to read and comment on epidemiological studies because those are easy to understand. But in doing so we may be under the impression that scientists know less than they do.For example in a recent post about processed meats many people claimed that the evidence against processed meats was purely based on correlation rather than causation. You may conclude this if you only look at epidemiological studies with human participants but they are not the only types of studies that have been performed.When one looks into studies about for instance cancer and processed meats we need to keep in mind that many relevant studies will not be obvious. For example this is a completely non-sensical made-up title mind you: "Aminoacids react with nitrate and cause activation of the GPJY-3 pathway in colonocytes in rats." This study will probably never be discussed here but let's assume that it actually shows how a compound found in processed meats cause activation of some metabolic and genetic pathways linked to cancer in the colon. But because you don't understand it you'll ignore it.We all have a tendency to ignore what we don't understand and in nutrition it might lead to wrong conclusions. In short my message is that nutrition isn't 100% based on studies where people eat this or that and then you see what happens. These are the studies that we tend to focus on because they are the ones we can more easily understand. But a true nutrition expert (that's not me) will read many more studies on biochemistry genetics and so on which are often not obviously about food but are actually the ones that tell us what nutrients and toxins actually do to our bodies."
"Like cheese most meat fresh cuts carbs sugar milk eggs pasta bread. What is someone supposed to eat to stay healthy and look healthy? Most of these foods have high sodium in them which causes swelling in some parts of the body. Honestly it's becoming frustrating I'm wondering if I should even bother"
"Anything other than lentils?"
"I've had stints where I've eaten fairly healthy and stints where I've eaten like total crap. And to be completely honest I've never felt a huge shift in energy when on a much cleaner diet. So I was curious if anyone has in fact seen a very discernible difference in their energy levels and what was the change that sparked it?"
"Is it the overconsumption of calories? Or is it that fast food is t very nutritionally dense. Also if I overate healthy food would I still feel bad afterwards?"
"See above."
"Though I myself may not consume such products whenever I see foods with such labels I try to caution people to avoid it since it's almost all saturated fat or trans fat. Am I right in doing so or are not all such tags bound to cause harm?"
"It’s not like they lived longer than us or had ANY of the science we do now to rationalize their eating habits. I’ve read on this subreddit things like “eat foods that our ancestors (or early humans or something fancier than ancestors) ate like (insert what I agree is a healthy diet).” Are we specifically trying to eat like them or are we discovering their diet is the ideal based on science and just trying to get back to that? I just have a hard time believing their diet is actual 100% best possible with no tweaks when they didn’t have what we have now in terms of food options and science."
"For example do a lot of you cut out bread all together? I'm sure eliminating soda is a big one as well. Just curious if there's certain things that are a little less obvious that one could/should stop consuming"
"I’ve been buying frozen recently to make smoothies as it’s cheaper but is it perhaps better to spend a little more and buy fresh?"
"These healthy cookies have been a life saver for me while working from home. They are a great dessert and totally do the trick for dealing with my sweet tooth. Wanted to share! * 2 mashed bananas* 1/2 cup peanut butter* 2 cups oats* Dark chocolate chipsMix together form into balls and bake at 350 for 15 min."
"long read but fascinating if you find this stuff interesting               https://www.theguardian.com/news/2018/mar/01/bacon-cancer-processed-meats-nitrates-nitrites-sausagesAnd yet the evidence linking bacon to cancer is stronger than ever. In January **a new large-scale study using data from 262195 British women suggested that consuming just 9g of bacon a day – less than a rasher – could significantly raise the risk of developing breast cancer later in life. The study’s lead author Jill Pell from the Institute of Health and Wellbei**ng at Glasgow University told me that while it can be counterproductive to push for total abstinence the scientific evidence suggests “it would be misleading” for health authorities to set any safe dose for processed meat “other than zero”.The real scandal of bacon however is that it didn’t have to be anything like so damaging to our health. **The part of the story we haven’t been told – including by the WHO – is that there were always other ways to manufacture these products that would make them significantly less carcinogenic**. The fact that this is so little known is tribute to the power of the meat industry which has for the past 40 years been engaged in a campaign of cover-ups and misdirection to rival the dirty tricks of Big Tobacco.snip“Pure insane crazy madness” is how Coudray described the continuing use of nitrates and nitrites in processed meats in an email to me. The madness in his view is that it is possible to make bacon and ham in ways that would be less carcinogenic. The most basic way to cure any meat is to salt it – either with a dry salt rub or a wet brine – and to wait for time to do the rest. Coudray notes that ham and bacon manufacturers claim this old-fashioned way of curing isn’t safe. But the real reason they reject it is cost: it takes much longer for processed meats to develop their flavour this way which cuts into profits.snipBut something different happens when nitrates are used in meat processing. **When nitrates interact with certain components in red meat (haem iron amines and amides) they form N-nitroso compounds which cause cancer. The best known of these compounds is nitrosamine. This as Guillaume Coudray explained to me in an email is known to be “carcinogenic even at a very low dose”** . Any time someone eats bacon ham or other processed meat their gut receives a dose of nitrosamines which damage the cells in the lining of the bowel and can lead to cancer."
"https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2018/11/10/666545527/vitamin-d-and-fish-oil-supplements-disappoint-in-long-awaited-study-resultsMany people routinely take nutritional supplements such as vitamin D and fish oil in the hopes of staving off major killers like cancer and heart disease.But the evidence about the possible benefits of the supplements has been mixed.Now long-awaited government-funded research has produced some of the clearest evidence yet about the usefulness of taking the supplements. And the results — published in two papers — are mostly disappointing."Both trials were negative" says Dr. Lawrence Fine chief of the clinical application and prevention branch of the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute a part of the National Institutes of Health which funded the studies."Overall they showed that neither fish oil nor vitamin D actually lowered the incidence of heart disease or cancer" Fine says.The results were presented at the American Heart Association Scientific Sessions in Chicago and released online Saturday by The New England Journal of Medicine. One paper focused on vitamin D supplementation and the other focused on fish oil.The trials involved nearly 26000 healthy adults age 50 and older with no history of cancer or heart disease who took part in the VITAL research project. Twenty percent of the participants were African-American.---------------------------https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa1809944and https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa1811403"
"https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/07315724.2001.10719017**Skin Wrinkling: Can Food Make a Difference?**Published online: 27 Jun 2013https://doi.org/10.1080/07315724.2001.10719017AbstractObjectives: This study addressed whether food and nutrient intakes were correlated with skin wrinkling in a sun-exposed site.Methods: 177 Greek-born subjects living in Melbourne (GRM) 69 Greek subjects living in rural Greece (GRG) 48 Anglo-Celtic Australian (ACA) elderly living in Melbourne and 159 Swedish subjects living in Sweden (SWE) participating in the International Union of Nutritional Sciences IUNS [Food Habits in Later Lifersqb; study had their dietary intakes measured and their skin assessed. Food and nutrient intakes were assessed using a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Skin wrinkling was measured using a cutaneous microtopographic method.Results: SWE elderly had the least skin wrinkling in a sun-exposed site followed by GRM GRG and ACA. Correlation analyses on the pooled data and using the major food groups suggested that there may be less actinic skin damage with a higher intake of vegetables (rs=−0.31 p<0.0001) olive oil (rs=−0.29 p<0.0001) fish (rs=−0.24 p<0.0001) and legumes (rs=−0.16 p<0.0001) and lower intakes of butter (rs=0.46 p<0.0001) and margarine (rs=0.24 p<0.001) milk products (rs=0.16 p<0.01) and sugar products (rs=0.12 p<0.01). Similar findings were obtained using regression analyses except fish was no longer significant; 32% of the variance for actinic skin damage was predicted by six out of the ten major food groups. In particular a high intake of vegetables legumes and olive oil appeared to be protective against cutaneous actinic damage (collectively explaining 20% of the variance); a high intake of meat dairy and butter appeared to be adverse (explaining <5% of the variance). Prunes apples and tea explained 34% of variance amongst ACA.Conclusion: This study illustrates that skin wrinkling in a sun-exposed site in older people of various ethnic backgrounds may be influenced by the types of foods consumed."
"Is this a recent thing like over the last couple years? It seems like every person I know has some food sensitivity now especially lactose intolerance.Edit: Thank you for all the engagement and knowledge being shared in this thread! I'm still reading through all the comments and sources. Such an interesting conversationEdit 2: Also I'm from South Africa. I've seen a few comments about food production in the states don't know how different that is over here."
"Red meats as well as meats from birds [chicken duck turkey etc.] contain bad cholesterol more than most other food sources.  Meat from fish and shellfish are great in combating bad cholesterol and are full of healthy essential nutrients. Fish and shellfish are also bad for you mostly from containing heavy metals. Soy is also bad for you soy is also great for you.I know it's a common thing to see so much negative and positive information on nutrition but it's discouraging and frustrating to ultimately conclude that seemingly everything is bad for you and great for you at the same time.  It makes it difficult to choose the best for your health.  Variety is preached and is understandbly preached.  Is that really an adequate answer to this question?"
"That's according to the first controlled human clinical trial on IF which has found *no difference in weight loss* between people on an 8/16 hour IF schedule vs active control. Additionally those on IF may be losing muscle mass not fat.  It was a 12-week trial done at UCSF.  Very interesting result with all the conversation about IF these days. This will not be the last word on the matter but it does complicate the current discussion about weight loss and nutrition. Link to paper here: https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/fullarticle/2771095?guestAccessKey=444bbcb2-7e13-4dc6-998f-5de5e27aa19e"
"Why are vitamins not put into things like chips or snacks in general soda beer etc?  Why is B12 not put into more cereals or other types of food other than raisin bran type stuff?Not that eating processed foods is healthier than fresh but at least it could be healthier than it is now.  Is it the expense of the vitamins?  Would it somehow change the taste of their well established brand?  Or they are not allowed to for what ever reason?  Thank you.Edit: I appreciate everyone's replies.  Just to avoid any more confusion I do not pretend adding vitamins to unhealthy food magically makes them healthy food.  But vitamins do make them more healthier than they otherwise would be.  There are also food deserts many actually in the US where the choice of healthy foods are quite limited if offered at all for miles in any one direction with or with out car or (safe) mass transit.  Check out HBO Docs The Weight of the Nation Poverty and Obesity.And of course even health conscious people who have poor planning one day or had something come up last minute and they are out the door empty handed.  They will get something from the snack machine regardless.  At least they got something more healthy than without the vitamins.One way or the other the snacks will be eaten for better or for worse.  But at least they could be healthier than they presently are.______________________________________Here is (presently) a short list of junk food and their better bits...  No need to post the bad stuff as we already know that plus it would take much longer to post the negatives.  But would adding other vitamins really offset the brand that much?  Also curious why all the bags show Vitamin D but 0% and no amount in mg.  Why even mention it if it has nothing to show?  If in the case of maybe eyes will skim and see D and assume it is in it than why not other vitamins showing 0?Ruffles Cheddar and Sourcream 1 1\2 ozDietary Fiber 2gProtein 3gIron .8mgPotassium 510mgVitamin C 10% dailyDoritos Cool Ranch 1 3\4 ozDietary Fiber 2gProtein 3gCalcium 50mgIron .5mgPotassium 100mgFritos Chili Cheese Corn Chips 2 ozDietary Fiber 3gProtein 4gCalcium 70mgIron .7mgPotassium 230mgChester's Flaming Hot Fries 1 3\4 ozDietary Fiber 2gProtein 3gCalcium 20mgIron .9mgPotassium 80mgBig Red 16.9 OzNOTHING"
"How data-based is this reccomendation?"
"Does stevia taste different to some people?I know some people have a genetic reason that they think cilantro taste like soap. I’m wondering if there is something similar pertaining to Stevia. I find that Stevia utterly wrecks anything that it’s in. Even if I don’t specifically taste the disastrous bitter flavor I find myself just not managing to eat or drink a whole serving.  Some products I used to like have changed their ingredients and added stevia (presumably so they can claim to be free of artificial sweeteners) and formerly favorite products now seem repulsive. When it’s there in a small amount I don’t specifically taste it but  I end up just not wanting to swallow it.Is this a known thing?"
"There seems to be a lack of objective truth in nutrition which paralyzes anyone who wants to eat well yet doesn't want to become a professional nutritionist.  As the average man comes home from his long shift at Walgreens he decides to take responsibility for his life into his own hands.  He decides to eat foods which will replenish him and discard foods which will hinder him.  He goes to the nutrition subreddit and finds nothing but arguing and rhetoric.  Milk is horrible for you milk is a necessary source of protein.  Multivitamins have been proven to be obsolete yet you can't get the necessary nutrients without them.  Go vegan but here's why it will kill you.  Do intermittent fasting but here's why you shouldn't.  There is no "BEST" meal plan.  There's no "BEST" anything.  Everything is subjective and if you want to eat like us elites then read these books first but then let us tell you how pseudo-sciency they are after you're done.  Devote your life to finding out how to fucking eat a decent meal that you aren't guilty about because we in the nutrition world can't agree that any food is good for you.  The man decides this is not worth his time.  He is starving and decides to go out and get Wendys because he has to be at work early in the morning and doesn't want to spend the next few years of his free time searching for a decent meal which will be discredited anyway.-Written by a guy about to go get Wendys"
"Or would I benefit more from juices (like apple or orange for breakfast for example) to get essential vitamins? Or does the sugar in most juices outweigh the benefits of its vitamins?"
"I know about fast food and sausages. But I'm interested to know about more foods that are awful for your health yet are still very popular and a lot of people eat them because they are cheap or people are not educated about them."
"I cook with them all the time.. I mean who *doesn't* cook with them right? It would be difficult to make my own curry powder grind my own cumin seeds turmeric etc. There aren't many brands that aren't considered a health concern due to high levels so I'm not really sure what to do. And with thyme basil and oregano the fresh stuff goes bad quick and I'd have to find a recipe to use it for right away. And many recipes call for the dried versions. Thoughts?"
"As per title I'm aslways worried I'm eating this or that new thing just because I've heard about it in the media an not for real nutritional benefits. What are some "superfoods" that dont deserve the hype?"
"I’m sure this has been posted before but I’m curious because I work at a grocery store where a crazy amount of people buy huge bottles of soda and destroy them within a week and come back every single week for more because our sales keep them coming. It’s kinda shitty thinking about how we know that people become addicted to sugar and we see this as a money making opportunity to have sales on soda every week so that they keep coming back for more. What are your thoughts on this? It’s not just soda I’m talking about. Ice cream Gatorade baked goods even bagels and crap. I went on vacation this week and this is literally all my family ate. The healthiest food of the day is usually a burger."
"Look here at peanuts https://www.nutritionvalue.org/Peanuts%2C_raw%2C_all_types_nutritional_value.html?size=100+g#and almonds https://www.nutritionvalue.org/Almonds%2C_unsalted_42101130_nutritional_value.html?size=100+gAlmonds have slightly more fat and carbs peanuts have slightly more protein but the macros are still very similar. Almonds have slightly more Mg peanuts slightly more calcium but again the difference is not dramatic and the overall mineral profile is comparable. If you look overall the nutritional profiles are shockingly similar with both of their fat content mostly coming from monounsaturated fats. There is absolutely no reason to imagine that one of these is far superior in nutritional value than the other or one is "healthy" and the other "unhealthy" its just not accurate. they are both great sources of plant fats and proteins and both have their place in a healthy diet."
"So I was looking at The World Health Organization list of countries with the highest life expectancies. I was trying to figure out if there was a common trend among the countries in the top 10 (nutrition wise). I came to realise that most of these countries were also in the top 10 for total fish consumption per capita.Japan Spain Iceland Italy South Korea France Sweden Hong Kong Australia were all countries that were in the top 10 (or very close) of life expectancy and fish consumption per capita.Here is the life expectancy ranking- [https://www.who.int/gho/publications/world\_health\_statistics/2016/EN\_WHS2016\_AnnexB.pdf?ua=1](https://www.who.int/gho/publications/world_health_statistics/2016/EN_WHS2016_AnnexB.pdf?ua=1) Here are some rankings of fish consumption-[https://www.helgilibrary.com/indicators/fish-consumption-per-capita/](https://www.helgilibrary.com/indicators/fish-consumption-per-capita/) Now obviously i'm sure many other factors come into play that contribute to a higher life expectancy. I'm not here to promote eating fish or anything I just thought it was something interesting."
"Anything that has made you feel/look better?or helped with something"
"This is for my personal project at school any feedback is greatly appreciated !"
"For me it’s Chipotle. A carne asada burrito is also an option. Or chicken strips aka protein strips."
"NPR article: [Errors Trigger Retraction Of Study On Mediterranean Diet's Heart Benefits](https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2018/06/13/619619302/errors-trigger-retraction-of-study-on-mediterranean-diets-heart-benefits)[Retraction and Republication: Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease with a Mediterranean Diet. N Engl J Med 2013;368:1279-90.](https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMc1806491)"
"What easy foods are best to stop hunger in a fast and healthy manner."
"I've been trying to get to the bottom of what foods humans should and shouldn't be eating. It seems like most books about nutrition spur heated arguments between the meat/dairy industries and everyone else. Is there a nutrition book that's grounded in good science?EDIT: I just wanted to add that I'm 3 years into my PhD so I'm happy to read hard statistics from research papers etc.EDIT: My PhD studies are in no way related to nutrition."
"I like white rice and am wondering whether it matters if i have x fiber from brown rice or 0.5x fiber from white rice + 0.5x fiber from veggies."
"I see a ton of posts about people asking about whether plant-based meats are healthy but one quick look at the nutrition label proves otherwise.That said I'm one of the few people who thinks Beyond Meat beef patties taste pretty darn close to the real thing (especially how I look to cook them/make the burger). So my question is more about the relativity - I already am an advocate for animal rights but ignoring that: is Beyond Meat healthIER than beef? If I was going to cook up/go out for a traditional burger would a plant-based solution be better?"
"https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/press-releases/in-major-meta-analysis-of-clinical-trials-omega-3-fish-oil-supplements-linked-with-lower-cardiovascular-disease-risk/Pretty interesting.  What do you guys think?"
"Mine just likes to scream “WHERE IS THE CHOCOLATE. WHERES THE ICE CREAM”.I’m at a normal and healthy weight but really want to focus on my nutrition and not be so high-strung and restrictive"
"Protein is the new “magic” word.  Here is an example of false advertising.  Read the labels and you will see:  1).  A serving size is 25% more than that of a regular serving of Cheerios.2).  The protein number on the front includes milk.  3).  More than twice the calories due to a huge increase in sugar.  https://cheatdaydesign.com/protein-food-labels/"
"What have you altered nutritionally that improved the appearance of your skin over time? Open to all suggestions — whole foods or supplements."
"Am curious to hear what lesser known nutritional tips there are that people could easily implement into their lives to improvement their health. Or lesser known things to look for that may indicate a deficiency? In terms of health I try to live as optimally as I can and so want to see if there are things that I could be looking out for and/or things I could implement into my lifestyle to ensure my health is as optimal as possible.Just to start off one tip I've found is that a high magnesium dinner before bed relaxes my entire body posture and mind and also seems to improve my sleep too."
"Carrying a water bottle around with you everywhere like you’re crossing the Sahara Desert in between passing periods just wasn’t a thing back then from what I recall. I know milk was offered in elementary school (my parents sent me with a can of soda though because it was cheaper 🙄). But middle/junior high thru high school…did anyone drink milk during lunch? What did you drink?"
""
"https://www.bmj.com/content/351/bmj.h3942AbstractObjective To examine the associations between the regular consumption of spicy foods and total and cause specific mortality.Design Population based prospective cohort study.Setting China Kadoorie Biobank in which participants from 10 geographically diverse areas across China were enrolled between 2004 and 2008.Participants 199 293 men and 288 082 women aged 30 to 79 years at baseline after excluding participants with cancer heart disease and stroke at baseline.Main exposure measures Consumption frequency of spicy foods self reported once at baseline.Main outcome measures Total and cause specific mortality.Results During 3 500 004 person years of follow-up between 2004 and 2013 (median 7.2 years) a total of 11 820 men and 8404 women died. Absolute mortality rates according to spicy food consumption categories were 6.1 4.4 4.3 and 5.8 deaths per 1000 person years for participants who ate spicy foods less than once a week 1 or 2 3 to 5 and 6 or 7 days a week respectively. **Spicy food consumption showed highly consistent inverse associations with total mortality among both men and women after adjustment for other known or potential risk factors.** In the whole cohort compared with those who ate spicy foods less than once a week the adjusted hazard ratios for death were 0.90 (95% confidence interval 0.84 to 0.96) 0.86 (0.80 to 0.92) and 0.86 (0.82 to 0.90) for those who ate spicy food 1 or 2 3 to 5 and 6 or 7 days a week respectively. **Compared with those who ate spicy foods less than once a week those who consumed spicy foods 6 or 7 days a week showed a 14% relative risk reduction in total mortality.** The inverse association between spicy food consumption and total mortality was stronger in those who did not consume alcohol than those who did (P=0.033 for interaction). Inverse associations were also observed for deaths due to cancer ischemic heart diseases and respiratory diseases.Conclusion In this large prospective study the habitual consumption of spicy foods was inversely associated with total and certain cause specific mortality independent of other risk factors of death."
"Diets have come and gone over the years and all connect with some sort of idea that eating needs to be “one way only.” What myths are still floating out there?"
"I'm sure we all know about snack sizes decreasing over time. For example I can name a few brands off the top of my head that have smaller bars now than they were just a few years ago. How has the nutrition changed over the decades though? I know that the UK brought in a sugar tax that [decreased](https://inews.co.uk/news/health/sugar-tax-working-milkshakes-soft-drinks-food-industry-384829) sugar content but what has the trend been on much longer timescales like say the past half-century?"
"And what alternatives would you recommend?"
"I've been buying this brand for a long time and I just realized they removed the vitamin D and Calcium.! I don't know what's the reason but they lost a good customer. Look at the old nutrition facts and you'll see what I mean."
"I guess I'm mostly worried about how many calories are in the broth if estimable."
"In terms of weight management that is and nutrient consumption. I know the body is complex so this isn’t merely a yes or no question but has anyone done something like this or have nutritional science knowledge? Thanks! I aWEIGHT your answer.EDIT: oops I can’t math I meant 2286cals every day sorry !!"
"Hi! I’m curious what supplements have been the most beneficial to people. For me it has been fish oil collagen and L-lysine but I’m very curious what vitamins or supplements other people have seen a difference from! Thank you <3"
"I grew up with Indian cuisine  and even though most dishes taste amazing. Most of them lack in macronutrients such as protein in favor of carbs and fibre. E.g Biriyani roti puttu etc. Which country's cuisine is the most balanced in terms of carbs proteins and other nutrients?"
""
" Apparently we need only ~500mg to be healthy (most of the top results on google for me say this) but we need 25 grams of fiber a day so shouldn't fiber taste approximately 50 times better than salt? I know evolution is not that simple but I don't see why our taste centers would evolve to find salt more desirable than other things we need in much larger quantities.Other examples are calcium which we need ~1000mg of a day or phosphorus which we need 700mg per day. Why does salt taste so much better than these minerals which we need more of (and which have probably been less easily accessible in our evolutionary environment e.g. calcium which is pretty much only obtainable from bones/bone marrow and possibly cruciferous vegetables though those are not growable in many regions)Notice that I haven't compared to macronutrients which we need in much larger quantities like carbs because it is not an obviously true assertion that salt tastes better than carbs though it is still strange that they are even comparable in taste when we need so much more carbs than salt.**TLDR:** Why have we evolved to find salt so tasty and addictive compared to other nutrients which we need more of and/or which were much rarer? Shouldn't the amount we like a food be proportional to how much of it we need and/or how rare it is?"
"For example: for some people ham and cheese go together very well for others black olives and feta etc.Is there a resource (or an app?) that lists foods that go together very well?"
"I just don't like the taste of many fruits and honestly can't remember the last time I had fruit at all. I do love vegetables though and try to incorporate them into most of my meals or snack on them raw during the day but I am wondering whether I'm missing out on any nutrients in fruits that I can't get from vegetables."
"Is there any reason why a lot so-called health companies that are sold through whole foods have copious amounts of added sugars? I totally understand most people who go shopping are sheep and judge everything by taste nowadays and never read labels but why? I am a picky person and if I had to eliminate anything that has >1 gram of added sugars then I'd really be limiting myself. It doesn't even matter if you look for organic gluten-free non-GMO kosher etc. You'll find added sugars somehow especially if it's going to contain natural sugars in it. Is this the new gimmick? It wasn't always this bad over the years but I've noticed these "healthy" food companies are going a little excessive about it and giving in to have an edge with competitors."
"I started working out and I had a free gym trainer session. I asked him multiple questions and one question came up on protein powder. When talking about it he said that some protein powders that you can go and buy are not what they say they are on their nutrition labels. Basically saying that the amount of protein or the amount of certain ingredient is not actually true as it says on the back of the label since he said it’s not regulated.He was saying that the protein powder that they had for sale at the gym was third-party checked and made sure that it had all the proper ingredients. Is this true? Even said there was a study done on it.I don’t want to go to Walmart or buy something off Amazon and it doesn’t actually have the protein that I need. Or was he just trying to get me to buy the gyms protein powder?"
"If you eat something very salty will drinking a substantial amount of water shortly after reduce bloating/water retention caused by the sodium?"
"I think this is a controversial topic. Many recipes that are labeled as healthy replace sugar with other natural sweeteners such as dates.Is there a sweetener that’s better than the rest?Are they truly healthier than sugar? Do they raise blood sugar the same way as sugar does?Do they have less calories than sugar for the same level of sweetness?"
"What are foods that no one talks about but are very healthy?"
"Asking to settle a heated debate."
"[Here the article](https://www.cbc.ca/news/health/trans-fats-health-heart-disease-canada-1.4824852) found through [r/worldnews](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/9gbz5m/canada_bans_artificial_trans_fats_in_all_foods/)."
"I’m not sure if this is the right place to ask this so i’m sorry if it isn’t. I’m 16 and currently don’t have a source of income (looking for a job). I live with my family who are not the most nutritious people. I’ve tried to get them to change but it is very hard to. My parents are the ones who control what we all eat because they do all the grocery shopping. Like i said before i can’t buy my own groceries because i don’t have a source of income but i plan to soon. Until then what are some things i can do to encourage them to buy healthier foods? What are some things I can do to maintain a healthy diet for myself?"
"Self-explanatory according to the title. Interested to hear personal stories about the people in your life who are healthy successful disciplined etc. Can either be related to diet and/or fitness. "
"I found the first study from /u/VisaEchoed here: https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/comments/ceehvr/caloric_surplus_required_for_building_muscle/eu279h5/ (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26817506)> As a result of the intervention LBM increased (P < 0.05) in the PRO group (1.2 ± 1.0 kg) and to a greater extent (P < 0.05) compared with the CON group (0.1 ± 1.0 kg). The PRO group had a greater loss of fat mass than did the CON group (PRO: -4.8 ± 1.6 kg; CON: -3.5 ± 1.4kg; P < 0.05)Some criticisms say that the men were overweight (about 29 BMI) and can't be applied to lean individuals. Well here is one that didn't have overweight individuals. This study involving women was recently posted by Brad Schoenfield here: https://www.instagram.com/p/B0Vq2LiF0g6/ He provides a quick summary:> I was privileged to collaborate on this protein intake study with my colleague Dr. Bill Campbell (follow him at @billcampbellphd). The study showed that feeding aspiring female physique competitors a high protein diet (~3 times above RDA guidelines) substantially increased the amount of fat-free mass gained during an 8-week resistance training program. Consistent with other research this reinforces the importance of consuming higher amounts of protein when the goal is to add lean mass. Intriguingly the subjects in the high protein group also lost a significant amount of body fat (over 2 lbs). Thus contrary to what some claim you can simultaneously gain muscle while reducing fat. Now it's important to note that while the subjects had previous training experience they were not highly trained (inclusion required that they'd lifted for at least 3 months and be able to deadlift 1.5x body weight). Nevertheless they weren't newbies and were relatively lean at the onset of the study. Take home: The combo of a high protein diet and regimented lifting program can help to achieve body recomposition! #gainzThe link for that study is here: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29405780 which might be of interest to /u/crabcakesandoldbay"
"if you eat 1 tablespoon of PB as a snack you will have consumed 90 calories or X amount of energy. if you eat a 90 calorie apple you will have consumed the same amount of energy. so why is it more satiating to have eaten the apple? or is that just an illusion? can we really be full off of super low volume high calorie foods? i wonder what would happen if someone just ate things like nut butters oils ensure drinks for a week of their usual caloric intake... how would they feel?"
"Unit price is price per unit. Example: if a bag of five oranges is $5 then the unit price is $1 per orange. Unit prices are commonly seen on price tags but rarely are they accurate and they are not always there. Unit prices help people make healthier choices because unit price helps people compare prices and thereby encourages home cooked meals as opposed to dollar menu meals."
"Like imma go with a good brioche bread none of that Ezekiel or Sara Lee stuff or noodles instead of that jelly shriraki stuff I’ll sacrifice the cal/“unhealthiness” for these ANY day"
"The lawsuit filed in Washington’s Superior Court follows a Congressional report in February that found toxic metals including arsenic lead cadmium and mercury in baby-food products resulting in a number of consumer-led legal actions. https://www.just-food.com/news/us-baby-food-firm-beech-nut-facing-legal-action-over-toxic-metal-claims/South Korea is now cracking down on baby food imported from the US due to authorities' report on lead cadmium and inorganic arsenic found in the food - https://www.nutraingredients-asia.com/Article/2021/06/07/Lead-alert-South-Korea-crackdowns-on-imported-US-baby-food-brands-following-authority-s-report?aca_news_section=Global+Industry+News"
"At Costco a bag of avocados went from 4.99 to 10.99 over the past 6 months!"
"So my dad is really into this whole "carbs are bad for you" thing and he always says stop eating so much fruit.Now he said that fruit is just as unhealthy as sugar and also easily replacable because vegetables (except for potatoes) have just as many vitamins. Is that really true? Would that mean most healthy people should avoid fruits too?"
"For exams and writing essays. Thanks."
"They have a lot of sugar and such so are they healthy to eat? And if so how many should you limit yourself to per day?"
"So alcohol is not something you want as part of your regular diet but if someone's going to get wasted what's the best way to do it?I'm aware that there are occasional studies published showing small amounts of some alcohol can be beneficial but is all that benefit lost if someone drinks more than a small amount? Or would getting some Resveratrol out of red wine be preferable to say mixing vodka in with a berry and kale smoothie?Basically should one go for the least calories / alcohol or is worth going for other options that might have some nutritional value despite more calories?"
"I hope I don't die before y'all see this but I unknowingly took way to much chia seeds . Okay so I took half the 0.33 liter cup of chia seeds and half yogurt because I mistaken them for some other seed ..........Can there be serious consequences? I'm literally fine with digestive issues as long as I won't die in such a dumb way ...Thanks in advance"
""
"Hypothetically speaking if you had someone who ate anything and everything they wanted (i.e. just had an unhealthy diet in general) what would be the one thing they could eliminate that would be most beneficial to improving health? Sugar? Red meat? Other?"
"Basically are there certain patterns of eating or particular foods that are widely seen as unhealthy but in actuality are neutral or even kinda healthy? And if so why has this misconception come about?"
"I've heard people say apparently if you eat before bed it impacts digestion which impacts quality of sleep. If that's the case then why do many people including me always feel tired after lunch or having a heavy meal. Seems kind of contradictory if digesting food takes away energy and makes it so easy to sleep but then apparently some say you're not supposed too wondering if anyone could clarify all of this? Seems like we're supposed to do a certain something out of survival that will lead us to feel the need to do another certain something but then somehow just not suppose to do it?"
"Or do the nutrients and antioxidants make them worthwhile?I’d imagine it’s a different story for different foods but I’m particularly interested in berries because the price difference between organic and non-organic can be drastic."
"As we all evolved in different climates in which there were different meats and plants are different ethnic groups suited to slightly different diets?"
"Is there anything you learned along your journey with learning more about health and nutrition that had you wishing someone would have told you when you were first starting out?"
"Edit: TLDR:  Why is there so much conflicting into regarding what types of diets are healthy? What are some of the best papers/studies on the subject? I’m looking for large-scale repeatable peer-reviewed not funded by special interest groups etc.  And I am more curious about connection with diet and health not diet and weight loss-A year ago I was all aboard the Keto bandwagon. I had no trouble finding papers and books to support the idea that this type of diet was healthy. All of this information seemed to advocate the idea that as long as you hit your macros where you got these macros from didn’t matter. Humans were meant to eat high-fat diets the type of fat didn’t matter.  Eating high-fat low carb will reduce your risk of stroke heart-attack and cancer AND help you lose weight!  I read my keto propaganda and was ensured that I was making the best possible decision for my health. I’ve recently become veg for ethical reasons. In the process of doing so I researched the potential health implications of this. Naturally I have been able to find papers and books on plant-based diets saying that a whole foods plant-based diet is the best diet for a person. Eating a whole foods plant-based diet will reduce your risk of stroke heart-attack and cancer AND help you lose weight!  Now I’m reading my veg propaganda and I am ensured I am making the best possible decision for my health. If I venture over to pure carnivore/zero-carb websites they also cite studies to back up the fact that eating all animal-based products is the healthiest thing you can do. I guess what I am asking is... why is it so hard for the scientific community to find consensus on the relationship between diet (as well as eating patterns - I’m curious about fasting as well) and health? Also what are some of the best papers/studies on the subject? I’m looking for large-scale repeatable peer-reviewed not funded by special interest groups etc.  And I am more curious about connection with diet and health not diet and weight loss. Thanks in advance!"
"The cost of living is rising rapidly across the planet. Low-income earners students elderly and more are feeling the pressure at grocery store checkouts; making informed decisions can help to ensure a balanced healthy and financially manageable diet. With nutrition being linked to improved general health dopamine production reduced instance of disease etc. It would be beneficial for many to understand which foods they can implement into their grocery shopping to better facilitate a healthy life whilst living within a budget. Could also be beneficial to discuss vitamins/minerals that may be better supplemented than obtained through food and why incorporating them may be beneficial. Thank you."
"I’ve been told all my life that sugar in fruit is “healthy” but sugar in soda isn’t? Is there any real difference or are they basically the same thing?"
"But what occurs metabolically and physiologically when you don't eat for a few hours after a long run or bike ride? The glycogen stores aren't replenished so what happens to make up for this? How does the body compensate? Where does it take energy from?"
"Crosspost from:https://www.reddit.com/r/ScientificNutrition/comments/h9wzzh/potential_adverse_public_health_effects_afforded/The article is here: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7254282/>**Abstract:** Exposure of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-rich culinary oils (COs) to high temperature frying practices generates high concentrations of cytotoxic and genotoxic lipid oxidation products (LOPs) via oxygen-fueled recycling peroxidative bursts. These toxins including aldehydes and epoxy-fatty acids readily penetrate into fried foods and hence are available for human consumption; therefore they may pose substantial health hazards. Although previous reports have claimed health benefits offered by the use of PUFA-laden COs for frying purposes these may be erroneous in view of their failure to consider the negating adverse public health threats presented by food-transferable LOPs therein. When absorbed from the gastrointestinal (GI) system into the systemic circulation such LOPs may significantly contribute to enhanced risks of chronic non-communicable diseases (NCDs) e.g.  cancer along with cardiovascular and neurological diseases. Herein we provide a comprehensive rationale relating to the public health threats posed by the dietary ingestion of LOPs in fried foods. We begin with an introduction to sequential lipid peroxidation processes describing the noxious effects of LOP toxins generated therefrom. We continue to discuss GI system interactions the metabolism and biotransformation of primary lipid hydroperoxide LOPs and their secondary products and the toxicological properties of these agents prior to providing a narrative on chemically-reactive secondary aldehydic LOPs available for human ingestion. In view of a range of previous studies focused on their deleterious health effects in animal and cellular model systems some emphasis is placed on the physiological fate of the more prevalent and toxic αβ-unsaturated aldehydes. We conclude with a description of targeted nutritional and interventional strategies whilst highlighting the urgent and unmet clinical need for nutritional and epidemiological trials probing relationships between the incidence of NCDs and the frequency and estimated quantities of dietary LOP intake.TL;DR: This is a very large review of the evidence of frying oil degradation.The practical conclusions are that polyunsaturated fats (PUFAs omega 6 + omega 3) which are a large component of most vegetable oils are the most reactive and unstable producing "lipid oxidation products" including "toxic aldehydes" which have good evidence for being a major source of harm in the average diet. Thus these oils really shouldn't be used for for deepfrying. Better choices would be ones that have low PUFA content meaning high monounsaturated (olive avocado hi-oleic safflower) or high saturated (coconut tallow). Oils degrade according to 4 factors: PUFA% antioxidant/polyphenol content temperature and time.  Smoke point doesn't appear to correlate with those parameters at all so shouldn't be the primary way oils are judged.Many nutrition authorities recommend eating more polyunsaturated fat vegetable oils because they lower cholesterol however according to this new evidence that really shouldn't apply to deep fryers!This means that fries and nuggets and chips aren't just "high fat/calorie dense" or "processed" or "have too much salt" they are actually quite harmful for an additional reason that is underappreciated."
"For those of you who haven't yet heard - [https://www.politico.com/newsletters/morning-agriculture/2018/10/18/fda-to-kill-trans-fat-once-and-for-all-378477](https://www.politico.com/newsletters/morning-agriculture/2018/10/18/fda-to-kill-trans-fat-once-and-for-all-378477)Artificial trans fats are now gone from the U.S. food supply."
"I read this article today. It seems like people are using fad diets especially Keto as an excuse to eat poorly. What are your thoughts? [https://news.usc.edu/159295/fad-diets-keto-nonalcoholic-fatty-liver-disease/](https://news.usc.edu/159295/fad-diets-keto-nonalcoholic-fatty-liver-disease/)"
"People who previously had an extremely unhealthy diet  what benefits did you notice after you started to eat clean"
"The meat they slice for you certainly doesn’t keep as long as the Oscar Meyer prepackaged stuff so I would assume it at least has fewer preservatives but curious from a nutrition/health standpoint if it matters or if I should avoid luncheon meat in general"
"I found this [interesting](https://www.passionparadoxbook.com/single-post/2019/04/12/Why-Do-Smart-People-Believe).It's a large problem in our industry. I loved the lines on how you don't see this in physics or advanced science fields because it's hard to wrap your head around them. But diet while complex has a simple intuitive appeal. We can grasp the basics and feel like we know a lot. That leads to everyone and their brother thinking they are nutrition experts."
"I didn't eat for 4 days because I pretty much overspent my budget and got to either make do with only oatmeal for at least a week or start begging my mom for money shamelessly. The first two days were simply instant oatmeal and an instant coffee once per day. Didn't eat afterwards except for staying hydrated at all times on the 3rd day simply because oatmeal don't feel like a meal and it taste horrible with zero texture within it. I went to work as usual. I noticed my work productivity increased & my mind definitely feels much more alert. I have abit of a trouble falling asleep but I pretty much slept deeper and more soundly than usual.I went back eating normally as per my normal routine on the 6th day. I do feel the differences as such that I would prefer not eating for the sake of work efficiency and I feel good about it but the first two days I be pretty much craving for food.Could someone explain what is wrong with me?"
"I want to know how many lies marketing has told us over the years because I feel like most of our diet in North America really isn’t good for us."
"Wouldn’t your body be able to just take all it needs and get rid of the rest?"
"I don’t know much so bear with me but also please correct anything I say that’s wrong I’m trying to learn about this stuff hahah. Anyways experienced runners have often recommended me preworkout snacks and workout drinks that have a decent amount of sugar since glucose can be tapped into faster than your fat reserves for energy. That idea makes me think that sugar is sort of like dense energy (functionally) which is why consuming too much and not exercising results in fat development. Is this a good way to think of sugar at all?A while ago (I can’t remember where) I heard the argument that sugar is what truly causes fat development (as well as all the cardiovascular diseases) as opposed to fat. But if I think about what happens to a donut or candy bar when I digest it I can clearly see how saturated fats cause problems in the blood stream but what precisely does the sugar do?Thank you indulging me hahah"
"What are the best ways to overcome junk food addiction? Is it actually true that the brain can get addicted to the dopamine rush that sugar/fat/salt causes? In that case is it even possible to eat moderately or is it necessary to stop consuming those foods completely?"
"Hello Nutrition Reddit :) What's something about diet and nutrition you wish you knew earlier? I was overweight as a teen and did the worst things (including a tea cleanse lol). Wish I could pass advice to my old self!"
"With the rise in nonalcoholic beverages I'm curious if there's any difference from someone switching to solely drinking NA beers (0.5% ABV or less) to someone who does not drink any alcoholic beverages at all. I'll see articles suggest that it's impossible to get drunk off NA beers alone or that 10 NA's are equal to one standard 12 oz serving of beer. Thus wouldn't the accumulation of drinking NA beers in moderation be harmful to human health?"
"At restaurants we get to choose the level of cook-ness of the steak rare to well and everything in between. But why is it said that we have to cook chicken fully?Edit: got the answer that chicken has more bacteria than beef. Now just curious the difference between cooked and raw beef"
"What are foods that you eat on the regular that taste good and people don't realize are actually super healthy for you? For me its almonds and peanuts"
"Some fruit and vege are absolute nutritional powerhouses which have high amounts of multiple vitamins and minerals but some seem to be lacking. What are the least nutritionally dense fruits and vegetables?"
"What foods can help your skin look healthier?"
"Im trying to figure out how much sodium I consume from canned goods like pickles that come in a jar full of liquid that doesn’t get consumed. Does the amount of sodium listed on the label refer to what someone would actually consume or does some of that sodium stay in the liquid that doesn’t get consumed? If it stays in the liquid how would I go about determining how much sodium I’m actually consuming when eating stuff like this?"
"As person who is watching what I’m eating why is sugar in everything? A lot of times it seems like it’s unnecessary."
"Hi sub-redHope all well today. I'm really curious about this idea that the body has a preferred weight where it is comfortable and that it will largely revert to that weight even after periods of weight gain or weight loss. Anecdotally I'm sure we can all think of people we know who eat intuitively and basically maintain exactly the same bodyweight for years on end. Conversely there are some people who go to huge efforts to diet to gain or lose weight and then end up going back to where they started. Some people also report signficant increases in hunger and appetite when in even a slight calorie deficit and a strong fullness response when overeating.But I've never seen any real scientific evidence about this. What are your thoughts? Thanks!"
"Recently a friend order a bag of edible grasshoppers and the nutritional content is surprisingly good! Doesn’t really taste like anything and I feel if you’re comfortable with stuff like shrimps and lobsters than insects should be fine.Great for the environment BUT it seems to be ridiculously expensive right now. So I’m wondering - would you ever seriously consider insects as a nutrition source?"
"I feel like there’s a lot of articles that say “xyz food has been shown to increase/decrease xyz in the body…”However in the case of ginger isn’t the amount consumed of ginger so small that it won’t have much of an impact on your body at all? Or is the amount present in ginger the right amount to have impact in your body?I heard in the case of cocoa the studies were done with concentrated flavonoids an amount that would require consuming an unrealistically large amount of cocoa by which point there would be negative impacts from other nutrients in the material.——I think the amount of material needed to have an impact on the body is an important factor in determining if what you are consuming has a negative or positive effect on the systems in your body.What is your experience with this topic?"
"Unlike a lot of people I really like broccoli sometimes but I never get around to eating dark leafy greens a lot. So is Broccoli giving the same or a similar nutritional value?"
"Like even if a single bite has more calories bad fats sugar then eating an entire cake or something?"
"So I know this isn’t great of me but I have the habit of forgetting to eat sometimes and then just waiting til the next mealJust for reference I smoke (vape/weed) so appetite is somewhat suppressedThe main question I have is what exactly happens to the body if you were to only eat one normal sized meal a day?Would it be considered malnutrition?This isn’t a daily instance but I also want to note I haven’t really lost weight"
"Every now and then you stumble across information about food and wonder how healthy it is. For me examples are broccoli sprouts green tea and kefir.Do you also have such a food where you were surprised about its contributions to health?"
"Everyone is always trying to tell everyone else what “the right way” to eat is. I’ve seen various “genetic tests” advertising gene-specific diets and I’ve always thought our ancestry might play a role in what our bodies evolved to eat in different environments. I’ve experienced health “experts” lauding very low fat high carb vegan diets and denouncing all animal products. I’ve also met keto advocates that would eat a stick of butter or ribeye before they would touch a banana. Do you think there are people that do well at these extremes? Do you think most of us operate in the middle or closer to one or the other extreme? Note when I say ‘doing well’ I mean functioning well and not necessarily looking good. It doesn’t mean much if you have no stomach fat but you’re bloated and constipated all the time nor if you’re at your goal weight but have no energy to function."
"Just a fun curiosity. Can you think of any foods that are generally an even split between fat carbs and proteins?"
"It has always bothered me when I see packaging for items that are clearly supposed to be consumed in one sitting but use the serving size calories on the back. Like this arnold palmer half n half I'm drinking. It's one can but claims it has two servings per can. I don't think anyone is going to save a can. My question is is there a reason this is this way that I don't know about or is it for those people who just look at the calories number and they think "holy crap this is only 80 calories. Sold!""
"What nutritional values do mushrooms give? Are they worth putting in meals? What are the best types of mushrooms? Cremini or white?"
"For me it’s full fat plain greek yogurt. I have almost a container per day and it has resulted in $40/week spent entirely on my addiction to it. What is your favorite food? How often do you have it? And does it provide any other benefits besides pleasure for your tastebuds?"
"The bagel only has 5g of sugar and the muffin has 29g of sugar. I know it’s obviously said that sugar is worse but is the muffin significantly worse? Or are they relatively similar because they’re both sources of simple carbs?Does the body digest the two foods in a different way simply because of the sugar difference?"
"Often when people give nutritional advice (particularly to lose weight) they claim that's it's just as simple as calories in and calories out is this true or does something like intermittent fasting offer actual advantages to losing fat? From my limited understanding of how intermittent fasting works it increases your resting metabolic rate and causes your body to switch to ketones which are more oxygen efficient. Please correct me if I'm wrong but if this is indeed the case wouldn't intermittent fasting burn more fat than simple calorie control?"
"I have asked myself that question for many years because I sometimes get tired of cooking a variety of meals that I am not sure they are providing me the right macros or micros my body needs.E.g: Eat fish cashews white rice and protein shakes for the rest of your life and you will be fine.Edit: WOW guys! I never expected to have that many responses I feel so grateful and I want to let you know I’m readying every single comment so don’t hesitate to  interact 😁 thank you!"
"http://www.scmp.com/news/hong-kong/health-environment/article/1995947/hong-kong-women-and-men-enjoy-worlds-longest-lifeOk to the extent that diet is a factor lets consider Hong Kong diet.In no particular order.Cantonese are more rice focused than average Chinese.  Canton/Vietnam is around where rice waa originally domesticated and it shows.  Every meal has A pot of white boiled rice available.Hong Kong is very Haute about variety of meats.  A typical family breakfast or dinner has as many dishes as people at table.   2 legs 4 legs no legs.  It means a meal has a bird (2 legs) dish a pork/beef dish and a fish dish.   No dairy but plenty of broth.  Weird and wonderful mixtures that mums force their kida to drink.  It called tong. Fresh green vegies historically china could be in famine and canton would still be lush with food its an extraordinary fertile region.  Lots of fresh chinese greens.  Again there is a profound focus on fresh.Everything is cooked  unlike the Vietnamese Cantonese consider salad to be stir fry ingredients.  Raw food is considered risky (unclean).  (Unless it a thick skin fruit like a mandarin etc).  They dont do raw juice.They live fast cook fast but eat slow.  Food is meant to be tasted savoured."
"What are some simple pieces of nutrition advice that may benefit (almost) everyone?I feel like there is so much conflicting nutrition advice out there diet wars and so on that sometimes obscure common sense advice that would be beneficial to pretty much everyone. I think there's plenty of "low hanging fruit" that would help many people achieve better health.An example of this for me would be something like cutting out sugary foods and drinks (easier said than done I know fortunately I am not a sweet tooth!)What other "low hanging fruit" pieces of advice could you share?"
"Have recently heard someone say that honey is 'basically nature's high-fructose corn syrup'. I know that honey has quite a lot of fructose but I also know that it is rich in micronutrients and boosts immunity. But is getting all of this healthy stuff actually worth all the fructose? Is substituting sugar with honey of any particular use?"
"Having noticed a series of very positive changes since introducing them into the diet I am very curious as to whether they are some kind of super food?"
"I've only watched a few episodes but each one focuses on a scandal within the food industry. It's shockingly unbiased the "experts" are actually experts and they back up their claims with evidence/science. Not so much about nutrition but it's nice to see a quality food documentary that's not vegan propaganda."
"Some people just have dull skin and dull eyes and others are bright and fresh looking even if they're older."
""
"Essentially does the fat somehow hinder the absorption of other nutrients somehow? I realize that folks could say this to mean that you should try to reduce the amount of fat you consume but does adding high-fat sauces really "ruin" the effects of eating a bunch of veggies? Please explain like I'm five because this is massively confusing.Also in advance of any potential comments: I am not looking for advice such as "well it is much better to have steamed vegetables with a little olive oil than butter." That is not my question - I want to know if consuming micronutrient-dense foods with saturated fats can somehow prevent you from getting their benefits *in addition* to consuming said fats.&#x200B;EDIT: For all of y'all who have pointed out and obviously haven't seen my comment on this matter I wish I had written "Experts" to highlight the fact that this is commonly touted by people who may call themselves such but I am not gleaning this information from any peer-reviewed journals or from dietetics school. If that were the case I probably wouldn't be here.Also I am running out of capacity to respond to everyone who has taken the time to write in. Thank you all so much for your input and I appreciate many of the points y'all have made.Happy eating :)"
"Basically just the title. Is sugar always just sugar ie harmful in large quantities regardless of where it came from?"
"Some people say its good cuz it's a good source of protein some people say it's bad because it has lots of calories.What do y'all think?Edit: More specifically what do y'all think about *Kraft's peanut butter*2nd Edit: I know a lot of you guys are recommending peanut butter without added sugar. But I'm based in Canada so some of the ones you guys said might not be available here. I'll check tho. :)3rd and final edit: Holy shit guys this blew up I didn't think I'd get so many answers ty. "
"The last time I saw starfruit was when I was little. 20 years later today I saw it again in the market and thought "why people are not eating it anymore?" So I bought some.In your opinion what are healthy foods people just forget to eat and include in their daily diet?"
"Apparently the Canadian government is proposing [saturated fat warnings](https://www.cbc.ca/news/health/coconut-oil-healthy-marketplace-1.5357284) to help combat the misinformation of being a superfood or a healthy fat."
"Hey everyone! Today is World Soil Day and I wanted to take a moment to talk about the importance of soil and how it affects our daily lives.Many people might think of soil as just dirt but it's actually a complex ecosystem that supports plant growth and is home to countless microorganisms. In fact one teaspoon of soil can contain more microorganisms than there are people on Earth!But soil is not just important for plants and microorganisms. It's also crucial for our food production. Without healthy soil we wouldn't be able to grow nutritious fruits and vegetables or raise healthy livestock. In other words our food supply would be greatly diminished without healthy soil.Aside from its role in food production soil also plays a key role in our environment. It helps to filter and clean our water reduce air pollution and regulate climate. Soil also acts as a natural carbon sink storing carbon dioxide and helping to combat climate change.So as we celebrate World Soil Day let's remember the many ways that soil supports our daily lives. And let's take action to protect and preserve our soil for future generations.Happy World Soil Day!"
"I know rice is only a small part of Japanese food and that idea is precisely a Western bias. Yet we tend to consider rice as a healthy food heightened by the image Japanese people are seen as healthy and thin people. Furthermore I was raised Catholic and remember that we had to fast for Ash Wednesday and Good Friday and the school cafeteria only served us... a bowl of rice. Not a good way to get into Lent from a glycemic index point of view...What am I missing? My guess would be that the answer is food portion. Anything else to explain that stereotype on Japan?Edit: I would like to thank all the lads for their answers and I just want to specify that I’m not dogmatic with carbs. Because of my personal background I’ve become a moderate carb consumer and that helped to solve the mystery of why I was still fat before. I did not realize what a carb was. Yet one of the main lessons of life - which could be remembered with the question I asked here - is that a healthy diet is first a balanced one. Then I believe that only a Sith deals in absolute and that carb remains essential as a source of energy. Just know where you are where you walk where you want to go. Reddit helped me many times to find my way."
"As hunters and gatherers weren’t fruits the only source of carbs. Since wheat and rice were only cultivated after the agricultural revolution and we hardly had those (correct me if I am wrong on this point)."
"I know this is broad subjective vague and unoriginal - but I didn't know how to search for it and figured the way I frame it might be a bit different. For a hypothetical example person A and person B have IDENTICAL diets lives and chemical/DNA composition etc. Their diets would be decently well-rounded but nothing spectacular. Sufficient macro and micronutrient intake. 100% identical except for ~1/4 of their calorie intakePerson A:* 200 calories of swiss chard bok choy cabbage collard greens mushrooms* 300 calories ultra processed pastries soda candy etc.Person B: (never touches candy or soda but almost never eats vegetables especially leafy greens. if they aren't nutrient deficient is the lack of vegetables still concerning?)* 500 calories potatoes rice corn (person A also eats these just not quite as much)Who do you think would wind up healthier later in life? How much would you have to shift the numbers to change your opinion?"
"When talking to multiple dietitians and always hearing something different (some recommending under what I found in studies some recommending over) I wanted to gather all the studies I found from all my research so I could figure out what actually is the right amount for *most* people.The document below (download either as a google spreadsheet or Excel) shows an average protein intake of **1.46-1.8 g/kg/day** across the 9 studies that I included. There are an additional 26 studies/links that I did not include in the average for various reasons. But I would like for anyone to look over everything included and recommend/correct any issues they see.Note: This is specifically focusing on people who want to maintain/build muscle during a period of resistant training or have an athletic lifestyle.Image: [https://i.imgur.com/UQ8v1KW.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/UQ8v1KW.jpg)Google Sheet: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DKWXXqzQwwdnzt15Ch16hSz1gY9S1Mo92o6lKc5oQi8/edit#gid=1551280518](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DKWXXqzQwwdnzt15Ch16hSz1gY9S1Mo92o6lKc5oQi8/edit#gid=1551280518)Excel document: [https://www.dropbox.com/s/zbuoht0nvgw5dsr/Protein%20Intake%20Studies.xlsm?dl=0](https://www.dropbox.com/s/zbuoht0nvgw5dsr/Protein%20Intake%20Studies.xlsm?dl=0)&#x200B;&#x200B;Studies included in average:1. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3182156](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3182156)	Macronutrient content of a hypoenergy diet affects nitrogen retention and muscle function in weight lifters.2. [https://www.researchgate.net/publication/21681796\_Evaluation\_of\_protein\_requirements\_for\_trained\_strength\_athletes](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/21681796_Evaluation_of_protein_requirements_for_trained_strength_athletes)  Evaluation of protein requirements for trained strength athletes3. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1400008](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1400008)	Protein requirements and muscle mass/strength changes during intensive training in novice bodybuilders.4. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7550257](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7550257)	Do athletes need more dietary protein and amino acids?5. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2129168/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2129168/)	Effect of Protein Intake on Strength Body Composition and Endocrine Changes in Strength/Power Athletes6. [http://www.insideoutsidespa.com/archive/phillips-dietary-protein-athletes.pdf](http://www.insideoutsidespa.com/archive/phillips-dietary-protein-athletes.pdf)	Dietary protein for athletes: from requirements to metabolic advantage7. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22150425](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22150425) Dietary protein for athletes: from requirements to optimum adaptation.8. [https://www.nrcresearchpress.com/doi/10.1139/apnm-2015-0550](https://www.nrcresearchpress.com/doi/10.1139/apnm-2015-0550)	Protein “requirements” beyond the RDA: implications for optimizing health9. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27109436](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27109436) Recent developments in understanding protein needs - How much and what kind should we eat?&#x200B;Additional studies:1. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19927027](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19927027)	Increased protein intake reduces lean body mass loss during weight loss in athletes.  - PubMed - NCBI2. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22958314](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22958314)	Dietary protein to maximize resistance training: a review and examination of protein spread and change theories.  - PubMed - NCBI3. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17213878](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17213878)	Dietary protein for athletes: from requirements to metabolic advantage.  - PubMed - NCBI4. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3356636](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3356636)	Influence of protein intake and training status on nitrogen balance and lean body mass.  - PubMed - NCBI5. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26817506](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26817506)	Higher compared with lower dietary protein during an energy deficit combined with intense exercise promotes greater lean mass gain and fat mass los...  - PubMed - NCBI6. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26778925](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26778925)	The effects of a high protein diet on indices of health and body composition--a crossover trial in resistance-trained men.  - PubMed - NCBI7. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17277594](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17277594)	Effects of whey isolate creatine and resistance training on muscle hypertrophy.  - PubMed - NCBI8. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16948480](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16948480)	Effect of whey and soy protein supplementation combined with resistance training in young adults.  - PubMed - NCBI9. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11591884](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11591884)	The effect of whey protein supplementation with and without creatine monohydrate combined with resistance training on lean tissue mass and muscle s...  - PubMed - NCBI10. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20798660](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20798660)	Effect of increased dietary protein on tolerance to intensified training.  - PubMed - NCBI11. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24092765](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24092765)	A systematic review of dietary protein during caloric restriction in resistance trained lean athletes: a case for higher intakes.  - PubMed - NCBI12. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27807480](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27807480)	A High Protein Diet Has No Harmful Effects: A One-Year Crossover Study in Resistance-Trained Males.  - PubMed - NCBI13. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26500462](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26500462)	A high protein diet (3.4 g/kg/d) combined with a heavy resistance training program improves body composition in healthy trained men and women--a fo...  - PubMed - NCBI14. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24834017](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24834017)	The effects of consuming a high protein diet (4.4 g/kg/d) on body composition in resistance-trained individuals.  - PubMed - NCBI15. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28415067](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28415067)	Effect of Whey Protein in Conjunction With a Caloric-Restricted Diet and Resistance Training.  - PubMed - NCBI16. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28642676](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28642676)	International Society of Sports Nutrition Position Stand: protein and exercise.  - PubMed - NCBI17. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28698222](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28698222)	A systematic review meta-analysis and meta-regression of the effect of protein supplementation on resistance training-induced gains in muscle mass...  - PubMed - NCBI18. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28692631](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28692631)	Increased Protein Requirements in Female Athletes after Variable-Intensity Exercise.  - PubMed - NCBI19. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30395050](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30395050)	Protein to Maximize Whole-Body Anabolism in Resistance-trained Females after Exercise.  - PubMed - NCBI20. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28179492](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28179492)	Indicator Amino Acid-Derived Estimate of Dietary Protein Requirement for Male Bodybuilders on a Nontraining Day Is Several-Fold Greater than the Cu...  - PubMed - NCBI21. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29497353](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29497353)	How much protein can the body use in a single meal for muscle-building? Implications for daily protein distribution.  - PubMed - NCBI22. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3905294/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3905294/)	Protein – Which is Best?23. [https://academic.oup.com/jn/article/130/7/1868S/4686204](https://academic.oup.com/jn/article/130/7/1868S/4686204)	Dietary Protein and Nitrogen Utilization | The Journal of Nutrition | Oxford Academic24. [https://examine.com/nutrition/how-much-protein-do-you-need/](https://examine.com/nutrition/how-much-protein-do-you-need/)	How much protein do you need per day? | [Examine.com](https://Examine.com)25. [https://www.strongerbyscience.com/athlete-protein-intake/](https://www.strongerbyscience.com/athlete-protein-intake/)	Perfecting Protein Intake in Athletes: How Much What and When?26. [https://mennohenselmans.com/the-myth-of-1glb-optimal-protein-intake-for-bodybuilders/](https://mennohenselmans.com/the-myth-of-1glb-optimal-protein-intake-for-bodybuilders/)	The myth of 1 g/lb: Optimal protein intake for bodybuilders"
""
"Wanted to show my kid a classic but here I am trying to understand dad’s breakfast choice. What nutrition was achieved with this drink? Are raw eggs as bad as they say they are? And why with Oj out of all things? 1984 film."
"From a nutritional point of view how much truth is there to this?"
"I remember once seeing a sign at my GP's office to both walk at least 30 mins per day and eat every 3 hours. Online including this sub I've been reading too much about the benefits of fasting even for people of normal weight. How's it then?"
"ESPN has an article detailing the playing diets and post-retirement transformations of NFL offensive linemen. It takes so much commitment to eat like that day in and day out. It isn't surprising to hear a lot of these guys are anxious to lose the weight after they hang up their cleats.[https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/\_/id/29399747/how-nfl-offensive-linemen-escape-5000-calorie-lunch-transform-retirement](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/29399747/how-nfl-offensive-linemen-escape-5000-calorie-lunch-transform-retirement)"
""
"Restaurants have kid’s menus and I’ve seen parents break their backs time and again to cook a more “kid friendly” meal alongside their own dinners. I guess I’m curious as to where and when the idea of “kid food” originated? I’ve never quite grasped the idea that there should be a difference between “adult food” or “kid food” other than the fact that “kid friendly” items tend to be more universally palatable if not bland and unhealthy. I’m not sure if this belongs on this sub but I am curious. I also wonder if there’s a correlation between feeding your children explicitly “kid friendly food” and pickiness? "
"I was watching my cousins yesterday slurp down some juice boxes and they were acting like junkies when fighting over the last ones. It got me thinking about how these companies are hooking kids on these drinks. Is it simply the sugar or are they adding addictive chemicals as well. It seems like there’s more to the story here and I wanted to get to the bottom of it."
"Typically proponents of the Mediterranean diet will focus on things like whole grains vegetables lack of refined foods and a moderate/low amount of meat.Yet Mediterranean countries are some of the biggest meat eaters in the world: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_meat_consumptionEvery med country eats more meat than the EU average of ~70 KG per person per year. Spain and Portugal near the top with 97 and 93 kg respectively. Greece is the lowest with 74 still above the EU average.It’s not just a matter of wealth either. Med countries eat more meat than Wealthy non med European countries too.As is commonly known these same med countries have very high life expectancies and Spain consumes the most meat in Europe and has the highest life expectancy. So why have proponents of the Mediterranean diet typically suggested low meat consumption?"
"My brother in law said and I’m paraphrasing that when you eat meat the nutrients you gain from that animal come from the nutrients it gained from its diet so essentially you are gaining your nutrients second hand. If that is true he has a good point on being vegan skip the middle man and gain your nutrients directly from fruits & veggies. "
"It's a much easier choice to substitute sugar with sweeteners instead of just eliminating it completely from your diet especially if people are used to adding massive quantities of it to their meals drinks etc.EDIT:  Tomorrow I will try to answer to some people. It's 3 AM and I have to sleep so with a fresh mind I will discuss with some of you.Just want to say that sometimes this sub is toxic people just share their opinions without any scientific study confirming it's truth. Getting downvoted without any reasong what the fuck guys."
"According to a few [news sources](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-09-20/white-striping-hits-99-of-u-s-supermarket-chicken-study-finds) a disease called “white striping” is in the majority of chicken breast in the U.S. Apparently the disease is caused by chickens not being able to handle their own weight. So the muscles are replaced with fat. This also mainly targets chicken breast according to the news articles. The news also says this disease is not dangerous for humans (or even the chicken themselves). But if there’s now more fat in chicken breast than there was 10 years ago shouldn’t there be some kind of public service announcement saying “chicken breast now has X grams of fat per 100 grams”?Edit: Also in case you didn’t read the article they said this:> As a result chickens with white striping have fat content that is 224% higher than those without the affliction. The illness also decreases the meat’s protein content by 9%. Affected meat doesn’t taste any different than normal chicken however."
"I recently came across a [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/comments/6rfotf/one_meal_with_all_daily_nutrients/) on this sub asking if anyone knew of a daily meal plan that would hit all of your nutrition needs and after scouring the web i couldn't find the answer so i made an excel spreadsheet to answer the question myself.This [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XHlTr2PqDVrXfORx0fWMv5JM-caZEBwxU9Cwd9bOxgg/edit?usp=sharing) I have been working on helped me figure out that i could theoretically eat the same meal every day and hit all of my nutritional needs.This Daily Vegetarian meal plan is aimed at maintaining 70 kg as a male :&#x200B;**Breakfast- one 100 gram banana 60 grams of Kelloggs All-Bran and 250ml of soy milk****Lunch- 60 grams of almonds 60gram baked potato and 100 grams of avacado****Dinner- 150 grams of Lentils 250 grams of spinach 300 grams of Bok Choy 100 grams of broccoli 300 grams of portabella mushrooms and 280 grams of rice.**&#x200B;Personally i would split the dinner into two smaller mealsIf there is interest i could make a downloadable copy for people to input their own daily needs of nutrition (usually the biggest factor is age/gender/weight) and be able to work out a food plan that suits their tastes/needs.Im sure the spreadsheet could look a lot more aesthetically pleasing but for now it is just raw data.&#x200B;EDIT: You are able to save the file onto your own computer with File>Make a Copy"
"https://knowridge.com/2018/03/major-cause-of-dementia-discovered/An international team of scientists have confirmed the discovery of a major cause of dementia with important implications for possible treatment and diagnosis.Professor Garth Cooper from The University of Manchester who leads the Manchester team says the build-up of urea in the brain to toxic levels can cause brain damage – and eventually dementia.The work follows on from Professor Cooper’s earlier studies which identified metabolic linkages between Huntington’s other neurodegenerative diseases and type-2 diabetes.The team consists of scientists from The University of Manchester the University of Auckland AgResearch New Zealand the South Australian Research and Development Institute Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard University.The latest paper by the scientists published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences shows that Huntington’s Disease – one of seven major types of age-related dementia – is directly linked to brain urea levels and metabolic processes.Their 2016 study revealing that urea is similarly linked to Alzheimer’s shows according to Professor Cooper that the discovery could be relevant to all types of age-related dementias."
"It seems like they’re dissolving 20% of their product in sugar and marketing it as soda"
"I was selling bread at a farmers market on Saturday and a customer asked if the bread ingredients were "processed" because she only ate "unprocessed food."  I said "the grain has been milled into flour so I guess that's processing?" She said "but is it unprocessed?" I just looked confused and shrugged and she went away.Is there a standard definition of "processed food?"  Milling grain into flour seems to be a multi-step process.  Sugar cane would seem to need some processing to become white grains of sugar.  Sunflower seeds have their shells removed before they're added to bread.  Does pasteurizing milk mean it's "processed?"I have no idea what this lady wanted unless it was a handful of raw fruits and vegetables and some unshelled nuts."
" It seems like there are so many vitamins and minerals to become deficient in"
"If you had to share ONE piece of nutrition advice that has helped you what would it be? If you were forced to distill it down to one tip..."
"What are some creative policies or ways that would encourage the general population to eat healthier other than taxes?"
""
"All else being equal if I hypothetically just added a couple of tablespoons of olive oil to my day is that actually healthier?Or is it simply that you should replace unhealthy fats with olive oil and that's solely where the magic lies?I am specifically concerned with its effect on cardiovascular health. I do understand it has antioxidants and an anti-inflammatory effect. I tried googling this but it's surprisingly difficult to get clarification. Thanks for any input!"
"I've recently been looking to cut down on refined grains because I've heard that's good but I'm a bit confused on why that is. From what I understand so far refined grains have less fiber and some minerals. My main questions are:1. Why does fiber in whole grains make the carbohydrate healthier? (or is that even the reason why?)2. I see that a cup of brown rice only has 2-3 more grams of fiber. If fiber is the reason that whole is better do those few more grams really affect the difference that much? Would it not be possible to get that fiber from some other food?"
""
"Specially specifics like oxalate free diet or seed cycling etc. Not the typical “I stopped eating dairy or sugar”"
"Here is the link to all the ingredients -> [https://pims.purinamills.com/BusinessLink/media/Mazuri/ProductSheet/5MA1.pdf?ext=.pdf](https://pims.purinamills.com/BusinessLink/media/Mazuri/ProductSheet/5MA1.pdf?ext=.pdf)My question is seeing as how this is so cheap ($28/25lbs of food) would it be feasible for a human to eat this (with regular food for supplementation of course)? How does the nutrition profile compare to what we need?"
"My friend went into an argument saying that people have achieved a point of technology that people don't need to kill animals to eat nutrients. He further states that we have all these vegetables that are able to provide us the same nutrients as meat. Is this true?"
"basically my question is what are the top nutrient dense vegetables that can be eaten daily?"
"Let's cut to the chase. We really need more moderators especially those outside the Americas so the sub has help 'round the clock. We are looking to add several experienced Reddit users who have a passion for nutrition and a desire to help curate [/r/nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition) as a collegial space for informative nutrition discussions.Here is what we are looking for from applicants. Please send applications to [modmail](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/nutrition).1. Modding experience on Reddit is great but not required. Ditto for having a little coding experience. Let us know whether you mod any other subs and if you have any relevant experience like moderating other forums/pages using back-end web tools etc.2. Mods need to be frequent Reddit users. The ideal mod is someone who pops into Reddit multiple times per day can devote some time to addressing moderator issues when logging on and foresees continuing to do so in the future.3. You should be a team player who is on board with following processes and procedures including using communications channels so that we stay on the same page and present a united and consistent front that prioritizes [r/nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition) and its core users.4. You should be someone who is comfortable enforcing rules and able to handle receiving harsh/critical feedback from strangers on the internet without breaking down losing your temper or giving in.If you are interested in applying please [message the moderators](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/nutrition) with *a note which addresses all the points above (please use numbering)*. Do not leave your application as a comment here.Looking for the normally-sticked rules post? [Go here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/comments/pz2m8m/rnutrition_rules_and_call_for_moderators/)"
"Some people and studies say they are as bad as sugary drinks or even worse that they produce cancer...But other people say completely the opposite and "there is no proof" that is bad at all.What do you think?"
"For example turmeric is considered an excellent anti-inflammatory.I'm curious to learn what you think."
"I have heard so but I was thinking like if you were to increase it it would probably only be a very small increase that’s not very useful what is the case?"
"The 2 supplements in question are:1. **Ashwagandha** \- If I pop a gram of these slightly after midday my sleep quality that night will be markedly improved and I'll feel much more rested the next day (causes some weird dreams though). Ash lowers cortisol. It's my belief that this may be what's contributing to my improved sleep quality.2. **L-Theanine -** Taking this an hour before bed or straight before going asleep seems to give me a much deeper sleep. So much so that sometimes it's difficult to get up! L-theanine is an amino acid found in tea which is said to increase alpha brainwave activity. It's possible this may be what is improving my sleep(?)A shout out to two other candidates which don't necessarily improve my sleep *quality* but help me fall asleep easier:**Magnesium glycinate** \- If I pop one of these I usually fall asleep within 30 minutes. Again similar to Ash it causes some weird-ass dreams though.**Bananas** \- Similar to the above minus the weird-ass dreams. Bananas help produce melatonin (the chemical that gets released when you sleep) and the sugar in them makes you crash within 30-45 minutes (usually) leaving you feel tired and ready for sleep.My question to you guys is which foods seem to improve (your) sleep quality? Anecdotal and scientific reports welcomed! :)EDIT: L-Theanine dose 700-800mg"
"Is it all in the genes..."
"http://www.nj.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2017/01/beans_the_magical_fruit_the_more_you_eat_the_bette.html#Dan Buettner a National Geographic fellow and best-selling author has spent the past 13 years studying the world's so-called Blue Zones places where people live remarkably long lives and face much lower rates of Alzheimer's.At the Aspen Ideas Festival last year Buettner gave a talk on the eating habits of Blue Zone communities. "The cornerstone of every longevity diet in the world is -- anybody want to take a guess?" he asked. One person suggested yogurt. Water another said."No it's beans" Buettner said. "No matter where you go in the world people living a long time they're eating about a cup of beans a day. It probably yields them an extra four years of life expectancy. Every 2 extra ounces of beans you add to your diet you lower your mortality rate about 9 percent.""
"Couldn’t you theoretically just store the water to make it a natural vitamin water? Is this the better and healthier vitamin water alternative 🤔?"
""
"My grocery list is filled with the same thing I wanna buy everyday. I want to mix things up a bit to have fun doing it.Edit: Yes I read all of them Thanks :D"
"My recipe (eye balled because we don’t do measurements in this household) Oats (obviously)FlaxseedUnsweetened Almond Milka dash of maple syrupStrawberries RaisinsI have no idea if this will be good but the almond milk is very tasty so Im sure it will be. Ill let y’all know how it goes :Dupdate: omg it was so good i’m obsesseddddd"
"Just this week I've heard arguments that fruit is bad because sugar is bad. And too much fruit is bad because too much fiber is bad for pooping.I'm under the impression that if you're going to fill your stomach to capacity on something fruit and vegetables are probably the most nutritious things you could choose. Pretty worrisome that the idea fruit is something we need to limit seems like a mainstream idea."
"I’m not saying go out and impulsively get a pet but I recently adopted a bearded dragon and he requires lots of quality vegetables. This helps a ton in influencing my own nutrition!"
""
"When looking at my store bought juice the only ingredient listed is “fresh oranges”. No preservatives no added sugar. I don’t understand why it would last this long. Surely if I juiced my own it would go bad in 2-3 days. Does it have something to do with the processing? Or is there an unlisted ingredient somewhere? Thanks for any insight!"
"Just been wondering why do we fart? 😂 Is it because food is getting digested or is it because it is not getting digested properly?"
"You can eat other stuff but in regards to vegetables you can only eat 5 different types of veggies for the rest of your life.The goal would be to try and get as much nutritional value/variety from a mix of 5 types of vegetables"
"I ask this since there is currently no way to find out if you are vitamin deficient if you live in an area where going out to get a blood test is not an option due to COVID."
"I'll describe two scenarios based off of the title but with more detail:* Let's say you have person A and person B and B is a clone. They have the same stats but B had childhood obesity but is at a normal weight now. How would their body be different from person A? What differences would be irreversible?* Scenario 2: same thing but person B was obese not as a child but as adult (let's say 20s and or 30s if you want an age) and to reiterate is currently at a healthy weight. Same questions: how would person B be different from A and what differences would be irreversible?One different I heard that's irreversible is that childhood obesity increases the number of fat cells and the number stays about the same after adolescence for the rest of their lives even if they reach a normal weight."
"I'm a college student who just started living on my own this past year and figuring out what food to get at the store and what meals to make is becoming exhausting. I have a couple easy meals but I'm desperate for something new to eat that I won't have to buy a million things to make it"
"https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32139409/What do you think about it all"
"EDIT: I’ve got no problem with drinking water I’ve got a rainwater tank with a great charcoal filter out and drink a heap. But i’m not going to drink *only* water for the rest of my life. **Coca cola** Average 100 ML   Energy180kJ    Carbohydrates10.6gSugars10.6g     Sodium10mg     **Nippys OJ**NUTRITION INFORMATION         Per Serving	Per 100mlENERGY	330 kJ	165 kJ(4% DI*)	(2% DI*)  CARBOHYDRATE	17g	8.5g         – SUGARS	14g	7gSODIUM	6mg	3mg"
"She also told me that humans shouldn’t be eating gluten. I’m not super up to date on nutrition science but I wanted more information since that seemed so…out there? I’m trying to eat better but cutting out carbs just seems extreme.Edit: Thanks for the all of the different viewpoints but this was just as confusing as when I googled it. I’ll be sticking to just eating as healthy as I can :)"
"I tend to cook with pork somewhat frequently. It gives me some bang for my buck compared to beef when choosing a protein source at the grocery store.But recently I've run into several people in my life who just won't eat it anymore. They are omnivores who also eat beef/lamb/etc but won't touch pork anymore. None of them are religious and its not for halal/kosher reasons they just think it's an unhealthy choice or say that they feel "gross" after eating it.I fully respect their dietary decisions. But is there anything backing up the choice to cut pork from an omnivore's diet as opposed to cutting out all red meat? Is there anything that's actually "worse for you" about pork as a protein source? Or is there just some kind of stigma around it?EDIT: To Clarify- I'm really not looking for someone to tell me that pork is dirty or bad or undignified. I already hear that stuff which is why I came to the nutrition subreddit to get a better answer. I want to know the nutritional reason that it is a worse health choice than other meats. Is it actually worse for my body than eating beef?"
"In terms of all the daily recommendations of vitamins minerals fats carbs and proteins? It seems like so much. How is there any time to even digest everything especially if you are eating whole grains and beans. It seems like you would have to be an athlete or really active to be able to process everything. Is it really possible to meet daily recommendations every single day living how the average American lives?"
"How does someone who really enjoys sweets and eats a lot of them manage to stop ?"
"This has been going on for awhile.  What is it you think will be accomplished by "tattling" on someone else for having a different approach to diet/nutrition than you?  Why are you wasting yours or anyone else's time with this?People in this subreddit are allowed to believe in high fat diets low fat diets animal based diets plant based diets zebra fur based diets dirt based diets used tire based diets or any other that suits them.  You need to come to grips with the fact that anyone responding to the posts in this subreddit will have their own approach / biases regarding diet and nutrition.  Sometimes people interpret data differently.  **If you disagree with them then learn how to defend your point of view by offering science to support your approach AND do so without trying to use the moderators to inhibit/police other points of view.****If defending your point of view is too tough for you then at least learn how to say "we disagree" and move on.  Sometimes moving on is the best thing.**TLDR; ***If someone you are discussing things with resorts to personal attacks let us know and we will act on it.***  However if someone disagrees with you or has a differing approach that in itself DOES NOT break any rules.* Being Vegan =/= breaking site or subreddit rules* Being Vegan =/= personal attack* Disagreement =/= breaking site or subreddit rules* Disagreement =/= Harassment"
"I was thinking how if I was to prepare for a doomsday scenario (which I don't but just curious) I'd want to maximise space and the most calorie dense but physically compact type of foods would be the top of my list. What are those?"
"White rice seems to be on many meal planning recipes but it's quite starchy and I've read that's bad for your teeth. It's unfortunate because rice is cheap. What are some foods that help your teeth? And what are foods that in the long run are actually bad?Edit: Thank you all for the comments. This was a great discussion! I picked up some xylitol lozenges.. I think that's how you spell it. I wish I know all these years back but I know it now!"
"Do they have the same health impacts?"
"[Hidden Hunger -- BBC article on micronutrient deficiency around the world](https://www.bbc.com/future/bespoke/follow-the-food/the-hidden-hunger-affecting-billions/)   ##### BY MICHAEL MARSHALL  "In 2012 HarvestPlus released a new version of pearl millet a staple crop in India. Known as Dhanashakti the millet has been bred to have much higher levels of iron (link to: [http://oar.icrisat.org/8602/](http://oar.icrisat.org/8602/)). By 2017 it had been marketed to over 70000 farmers mostly in Maharashtra state where many people rely on pearl millet. Tens of thousands of Indian children are now eating this iron-rich pearl millet.  &#x200B;"The results have been “fantastic” says Pfeiffer. “The iron improved the iron status and the physical and cognitive performance of adolescents” he says. The popularity of the Dhanashakti pearl millet could ensure that thousands of children grow up with healthy bodies and brains with a better chance of reaching their full potential."  The way this page is laid out you could think the article is over and stop scrolling but there's more.   (Full disclosure:  I am generally an advocate of genetic engineering of crop foods and won't hesitate to eat them.  The way the companies in the U.S. aggressively defend their IP rights isn't good of course.  Crops like corn that are pollinated by the wind don't care about IP rights they just throw their genes out there and hope they reach more corn whether it's a heritage species some farmer has in a truck patch or fields already planted by the GMO.  I'm interested in other points of view and welcome criticism of this article which I didn't write.)"
"the real problem with french fries is that veggie oil - at high temps it is oxidized. Oxidized fats are TERRIBLE for you they basically travel through your bloodstream fucking shit up left and right creating inflammatory processes all over the place.Ironcally french fries cooked in animal fat like beef tallow not only taste WAY better but saturated fat does not oxidize at high temps and is therefore a MUCH better choice for fries.https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17854006>dietary ALEs (oxidized fat) which are absorbed from the gut to the circulatory system seems to act as injurious chemicals that activate an inflammatory response which affects not only circulatory system but also organs such as liver kidney lung and the gut itself. We believe that repeated consumption of oxidized fat in the diet poses a chronic threat to human healthhttps://universityhealthnews.com/daily/heart-health/oxidized-cholesterol-vegetable-oils-identified-as-the-main-cause-of-heart-disease/>Over the years Kummerow and his collaborators found two distinct ways in which oxidized cholesterol and fats lead to atherosclerosis: they enhance calcification of the arteries and promote the synthesis of a compound that increases blood clotting. “Oxidized lipids contribute to heart disease both by increasing deposition of calcium on the arterial wall a major hallmark of atherosclerosis and by interrupting blood flow a major contributor to heart attack and sudden death” writes Kummerow in his review.>One of Kummerow’s main contributions to the growing body of research on oxidized cholesterol has to do with a compound called sphingomyelin. Kummerow found that people with heart disease have higher levels sphingomyelin in the walls of their arteries especially at the branch points of the arteries that supply blood to the heart which is where the most blockages occur. They also have significantly more oxidized cholesterol in their blood and tissues than people without heart disease. The researchers found that the more oxidized cholesterol in the blood the more sphingomyelin in the walls of the arteries. And the more sphingomyelin the more arteries become calcified."
"curious question"
"Title says it all. Also what would be the biggest benefits?"
"In other words what 5 fruits and/or vegetables eaten in a day or put into a smoothie provide the most or greatest variety of nutrients and minerals?"
"Example: Turmeric and black pepper"
"Last year when I was forced into home office I started cooking all my own meals and my desire for finding *variety* in my recipes and cutting out meat transformed the way I approached food and what I'm willing to put into my body. Of course this gradual change in lifestyle also started really resulting in a change in my health and wellbeing too so now I'm fascinated by making good choices and understanding how nutrition works.How did you become more aware and what prompted you to make a change in what you eat?"
"I’ve been seeing and hearing and trying so much - I have lost weight  feel great  sleep well and reduces high blood pressure and want to know if this has to do with it ?"
"I am genuinely curious as to what kinds of diets or even regimens they follow that allows them to look so young at their age. Is most of it secret stuff that only top level nutritionist doctors know? Or is stuff that normal people could easily implement themselves? Any scientific sources would be very welcome!"
"There was a viral TikTok floating around claiming that 90% of serotonin is produced in the gut and that fixing your gut health can aid in bettering one’s mental health. Is this true? How do you know if you have good gut health vs bad gut health? What are ways you can improve it?"
"I've been confounded by this lately. I got thinking about it because there are so many times when you cook a piece of meet in a lot of oil at a high heat but it never occurred to me until recently that the only really difference is the quantity of oil and that the meat is touching the pan. So what about things like all the Italian recipes that have you using a half cup of olive oil for cooking your aromatics and such?Or wok recipes with tons of oil?Or at the logical extreme just cooking your eggs or sauteeing your broccoli with a couple tsp of oil?Everyone "knows" deep frying is bad for you. But what distinguishes it from these other forms comparable things?The only big distinctions I can come up with are:a) food not touching the pan but I don't see why that would be relevantb) reusing oil. But would that imply that the first deep fry has nothing wrong with it? Or conversely that if you cook with oil you've already using for sauteing one thing with another then it's bad? Or how about even having the same oil contact the pan for a long time during one dish?c) As mentioned just more oil. But I don't know what the relevance of this would be. Seems like it would actually make the reusing part less of a big deal. But to the original point where's the line? And what makes it a dividing point?"
"Hey EveryoneSo I have been wondering about two things. First how much time does it take for food to digest and second not eating 2-3 hrs before bed.How are these two things connected? If food digestion in takes 24-48 hrs why is it said that to avoid indigestion don't eat anything 2-3 hrs before sleep."
"The results I got on google were “if you eat veggies this way you’re better off eating fast food” or “10 reasons to not eat your vegetables” which I personally think are full of crap. Can anyone give me a real answer?Edit: Thanks for all the tips. I learned butter isn’t bad for you in moderation and what I thought was an unhealthy way of eating veggies isn’t actually bad. I will continue to eat my buttered saucy veggies."
"Is there any benefit in taking a magnesium supplement? I hear it’s good for regulating sleep but other than that I’m not sure what else it does."
"Forgive me for asking but I was in the search for canned mandarin oranges (yes I know I can have fresh) for a quick snack and looked and all the no added sugar cans stated they had stevia or so on. Online states its possible to can in just water so why cant I find anything??"
"[NON PERSONAL DIETARY QUESTION] This is especially true of those who lift weights regularly. It seems like white rice is the staple and widely accepted carbohydrate source in meals. I’m curious as to why and whether it is based on “bro science”. What would be the functional difference between consuming let’s say whole grain sugar free pumpkin bread or spaghetti as opposed to white rice? To my knowledge white rice is pretty refined and digested relatively quick compared to raw forms of complex carbohydrates."
"P.S. I hate yogurt lol!While we’re at it what’s your take on protein bars & protein powders?"
"Hello everyone! Just want to ask you guys ifHow soon will you see results from supplementing with Omega 3 fish oil? Can you share your experience from taking it? How does fish oil benefits you? and Does fish oil help with skin? Are there any side effects? Thankyou! 😊"
"Shower thoughts ... So many factors at play here. Fast food/junk food companies having more $$$ to influence policy-making. Lack of education for both parents and children. Not enough importance placed on health in schools. How would you realistically "solve" obesity?"
"Help appreciated. I looked at the ingredients. It's 90% corn. Sugar is 8.9g per 100gram. Would this be deemed bad? I've been taking it every day with oats chia seeds and milk. I feel kinda bad thinking the cereal am consuming is unhealthy. INGREDIENTS:Corn (90%) sugar salt barley malt extract vitamins (vitamin E niacin vitamin B6 riboflavin folate) minerals (iron zinc oxide)."
"**Abstract****Importance**  Although emphasis has recently been placed on the importance of high-protein diets to overall health a comprehensive analysis of long-term cause-specific mortality in association with the intake of plant protein and animal protein has not been reported.**Objective**  To examine the associations between overall mortality and cause-specific mortality and plant protein intake.**Design Setting and Participants**  This prospective cohort study analyzed data from 416 104 men and women in the US National Institutes of Health–AARP Diet and Health Study from 1995 to 2011. Data were analyzed from October 2018 through April 2020.**Exposures**  Validated baseline food frequency questionnaire dietary information including intake of plant protein and animal protein.**Main Outcomes and Measures**  Hazard ratios and 16-year absolute risk differences for overall mortality and cause-specific mortality.**Results**  The final analytic cohort included 237 036 men (57%) and 179 068 women. Their overall median (SD) ages were 62.2 (5.4) years for men and 62.0 (5.4) years for women. Based on 6 009 748 person-years of observation 77 614 deaths (18.7%; 49 297 men and 28 317 women) were analyzed. Adjusting for several important clinical and other risk factors greater dietary plant protein intake was associated with reduced overall mortality in both sexes (hazard ratio per 1 SD was 0.95 \[95% CI 0.94-0.97\] for men and 0.95 \[95% CI 0.93-0.96\] for women; adjusted absolute risk difference per 1 SD was −0.36% \[95% CI −0.48% to −0.25%\] for men and −0.33% \[95% CI −0.48% to −0.21%\] for women; hazard ratio per 10 g/1000 kcal was 0.88 \[95% CI 0.84-0.91\] for men and 0.86 \[95% CI 0.82-0.90\] for women; adjusted absolute risk difference per 10 g/1000 kcal was −0.95% \[95% CI −1.3% to −0.68%\] for men and −0.86% \[95% CI −1.3% to −0.55%\] for women; all *P* < .001). The association between plant protein intake and overall mortality was similar across the subgroups of smoking status diabetes fruit consumption vitamin supplement use and self-reported health status. **Replacement of 3% energy from animal protein with plant protein was inversely associated with overall mortality (risk decreased 10% in both men and women) and cardiovascular disease mortality (11% lower risk in men and 12% lower risk in women). In particular the lower overall mortality was attributable primarily to substitution of plant protein for egg protein (24% lower risk in men and 21% lower risk in women) and red meat protein (13% lower risk in men and 15% lower risk in women).****Conclusions and Relevance**  In this large prospective cohort higher plant protein intake was associated with small reductions in risk of overall and cardiovascular disease mortality. Our findings provide evidence that dietary modification in choice of protein sources may influence health and longevity.&#x200B; FUll paper: [https://sci-hub.tw/https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/article-abstract/2768358](https://sci-hub.tw/https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/article-abstract/2768358) "
"It seems like it would be a simplistic approach to getting nutrition.For example let's say you switched b/t three or four meats (fish lamb chicken for example) and then also incorporate nuts seeds grains like quinoa or brown rice eggs EVOO peanut butter fruits like apples bananas and vegetables like broccoli carrots and spinach.Would this not provide you with a host of vitamins and micronutrients and therefore allow you to eat the same thing everyday? Or regardless of how holistic the diet is will eating the same thing everyday inevitably leave out some aspect of nutrition that will lead to deficiency? How long would it take before such deficiencies would arise and/or become serious?Also what effect would this have on the gut microbiome?"
"> Wood and her colleagues did not find an overall health benefit. The aggregated data did show that moderate drinking is associated with a lower risk of nonfatal heart attacks. The common explanation is that alcohol can boost high-density lipoprotein cholesterol the “good” cholesterol which can be protective against arterial blockages.> But alcohol consumption even at that allegedly moderate level is also associated with a suite of cardiovascular problems including stroke aortic aneurysm fatal hypertensive disease and heart failure. The data show that the bad effects offset the good.> “Drinking more may reduce the risk of nonfatal heart attack but actually let’s balance that against the higher risk of stroke and other fatal cardiovascular diseases and shorter life expectancy” Wood said.> Alcohol consumption is also associated with higher risks of several types of cancer including breast cancer. The new study confirmed an association between drinking and cancers of the digestive system.[Article link](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/moderate-drinking-guidelines-are-too-loose-study-says/2018/04/12/da73d89c-3e64-11e8-974f-aacd97698cef_story.html).EDIT:Study link: http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(18)30134-X/fulltext"
"Let’s say you were stranded on a tiny barren island without any food or water sources. The only thing you can find is a pirate’s enormous hidden stash of rum. The rum would definitely provide enough calories for you to live of it quite some time. But I’m sure the alcohol would dehydrate you more than the water it contains could make up for and you‘d die of thirst after a few days.But now lets say the stash contains wine instead of rum. Or even better beer. Would wine contain enough water to offset the dehydration from the alcohol? Would beer?And if so how long would you be able to survive off wine/beer alone before dying from malnutrition?"
"source: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28480298> The 3-fold increase in the rate of recovery from the common cold is a clinically important effect. The optimal formulation of zinc lozenges and an ideal frequency of their administration should be examined. Given the evidence of efficacy common cold patients may be instructed to try zinc acetate lozenges within 24 hours of onset of symptoms.From Chris Masterjohn PHd about this topic:> High levels of zinc in the nose and throat prevents cold viruses from invading your cells. Zinc lozenges that are specially designed to fully free the zinc within your mouth so that it can migrate through your nose and throat tissue can stop a cold in its tracks if taken properly.> > Currently the only lozenges on the market that are optimized for this process are Life Extension Enhanced Zinc Lozenges. Make sure the word “enhanced” is in the title and make sure the ingredients say it has zinc acetate.> > These have to be taken at the first sign of a cold such as the very first sneeze or the very first cold-like sensation in your throat. Suck on them don’t chew them. Take them continuously until symptoms stop then take them every two hours until the bottle is gone. Consider taking 3-6 mg/d copper while taking them to keep these in balance.> > Unfortunately these have dextrose in them and there aren’t any sugar-free lozenges that are optimized for this effect on the market right now. So you won’t be able to use this approach if you have a strict need to avoid all sugars or to limit your carbohydrate."
"So a new 6 month study with 217 healthy individuals came out a few days ago. They put the people into 3 groups which were high fat diet moderate fat and low fat. They all ate the same amount of calories just the fats and carbs were different. Study posted below.[https://gut.bmj.com/content/early/2019/01/18/gutjnl-2018-317609](https://gut.bmj.com/content/early/2019/01/18/gutjnl-2018-317609)After 6 months what they found was that the high fat diet group had unfavourable changes on the gut microbiota and inflammatory factors. They also mentioned this could lead to negative long term health issues.BUT you need to read the fine print. First of all the high fat diet was only 40% fat. Now call me crazy but a diet that is 40% fat I wouldn't call a high fat diet.They used Soybean Oil as the main fat source for the high fat group. Up to 24% of their total calories came from soybean oil. High amounts of soybean oil is pro inflammatory. They even admitted to this but it's buried all the way at the bottom. Here is a quote"It should be noted that the intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) was relatively high in the higher-fat diet group (24% of total energy) owing to exclusive use of soybean oil which is rich in n-6 PUFA. A higher intake of n-6 PUFA has been reported to have proinflammatory effects."Outlets are already running with this such as Webmd who posted this- [https://www.webmd.com/diet/news/20190220/high-fat-diets-do-no-favors-for-your-gut-bacteria#1](https://www.webmd.com/diet/news/20190220/high-fat-diets-do-no-favors-for-your-gut-bacteria#1)I have no foot in this race. I'm not someone who eats a high fat diet but I don't like misleading things like this. The "high fat diet" wasn't even high fat and they fed them crazy amounts of soybean oil. Are we really surprised at the results."EDIT" Adding citations for thisWan Y Wang F Yuan J* et al*Effects of dietary fat on gut microbiota and faecal metabolites and their relationship with cardiometabolic risk factors: a 6-month randomised controlled-feeding trial*Gut* Published Online First: 19 February 2019. doi:10.1136/gutjnl-2018-317609"
"Is OJ healthy?"
"Asking for a friend."
"I’ve noticed that my family that was born in Central America (and I believe this idea will apply with Asia Africa Europe etc just not The USA) and later came to live in the USA (late teens to early 20’) are much healthier compared to their children at the same age.I think that with those very important 20 yearswhen the body is developing being filled with whole foods and no processed junk does play a big part in causing those individuals to have a stronger nutritional health foundation."
"I've been searching this but cannot find any serious study supporting the keto.I'm not asking if the keto can make you lose weight (that's proven and I know it).What I want to know is if it was ever tested in a serious trial against a different diet with standard macros and the same caloric restriction."
"Budget calories and dietary restrictions aside; what would you prepare to cover all macros mircos and so on? And HOW would you prepare it?"
"If yes  what are some foods that make us happy and what are some that one should take out?"
"I've been avoiding caffeine all my life should I try drinking one every morning?"
"Aka the perfect day of eating that would cover all your daily nutritional needs    Edit: I did not expect this post to get so many comments but thanks everyone!"
"Just curious as I myself seem to get increasingly more hyper as the day goes on which makes me think this is so."
"Just curious if they exist?"
"I know that for certain nutrients like Vitamin D it's okay to eat a large amount of it on a single day and that'll sustain you for the rest of the week.I am wondering which nutrients are there that are not accumulated like this and you need to consume a sufficient amount on daily basis?"
"I was wondering if anyone knew which vegetables are healthier to eat raw versus which are healthier if you cook them beforehand? I always assumed vegetables were healthier if eaten raw but someone told me recently that this isn’t always the case which really blew my mind!"
""
"I’ve always been told/read that seed oils were fine and to just avoid trans fats. The other day I was reading a cookbook emphasizing oil free recipes.Is this another craze like the coconut oil one or is this something to legitimately consider? And how does one not ruin their cookware?Edit: also is there such a thing as unprocessed oil?"
"I think keeping snacks around healthy or otherwise that you can just eat a small portion of and not addictively eat the whole bag is a good idea. My suggestions* Hard pretzels* Saltine crackers* Unsalted nuts* Natural peanut butter* Dried fruit*"
"A common argument towards both high-carbohydrate and high-fat diet is that they are the "natural way of eating" -  the claims are that primates evolved eating a lot of fruit (high-carb support) or that humans evolved eating a lot of meat (high-fat support).Both however consist of a major logical fallacy - appeal to nature. Just because either of these things are natural doesn't make them healthy for us - brushing your teeth getting vaccinated and using antibiotics are clearly unnatural yet they prevent disease; it would be unwise to avoid them only because they are unnatural. That's not even considering that humans probably didn't even have consistent diets 10000-50000 years ago: They probably ate what they could in the present moment whatever it was in order to avoid starvation be it fruit meat vegetables etc. As long as the diet sustained humans to reproductive age natural selection wouldn't "care" about their health afterwards - it could be that a natural human diet promotes heart disease or diabetes at 50 years old but that age is far beyond what humans need to spread their DNA in nature."
" I'm not a very informed person when it comes to nutrition but 'reducing inflammation' seems to be the first thing people say about some bloody ancient willy broth they claim is super good for you.My question is where is the legitness? is it just a buzzword? can someone point to some resources/ literature on this?"
""
"I thought they were a little too sweet and cookie like so I compared the nutrition info to some Oreos I had in the cupboard. Disappointingly close.Serving of Oreos (3 cookies): 25g of carbs 12 grams of sugar 7 grams of fat 1g fiberServing of nature valley (2 bars): 29 grams of carbs 11 grams sugar 7 grams fat 2 grams fiber. I'm not saying you're better off substituting nature valley bars with Oreos. But what I now believe is that nature valley bars and probably granola bars in general are simply junk food in the same class as cookies."
"title says it all."
"I am wondering what benefits users of Apple Cider Vinegar have seen? Also do the acv gummies work as well?   How long should you take? Thanks"
"I've been learning about the glycemic index and glycemic load and feel I have a good understanding of what they mean.  I've been trying to find out what the GI or GL of a can of Coke Zero Sugar is and came across an article ["What Everyone Must Know About Coke Zero and Diabetes"](https://diabetesmealplans.com/10509/coke-zero-and-diabetes/).  The article says "... researchers have found that people who regularly consume fake sweeteners have a dramatically increased risk of [metabolic syndrome](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17646581)."  The article goes on to say "Basically the more super sweet tasting sodas a person drinks (even if the sweetness is not coming from real sugar) the more they crave that same taste again. This can lead to overeating high calorie [high carb foods](https://diabetesmealplans.com/5632/top-10-diabetic-foods-to-avoid/) which increase your [blood sugar levels](https://diabetesmealplans.com/5080/diabetes-blood-sugar-levels-chart-printable) and may result in gaining even more weight."Here's what I'm not sure about.  If this article is true is the metabolic syndrome brought on by the mere presence of the artificial sweeteners found in a can of Coke Zero (and the body's reaction to those sweeteners) or is it brought on as a result of eating high calorie and high carb foods which the article claims result from consuming those sweeteners?  If one consumes one or two cans a week but otherwise follows a fairly strict low GI diet is one still in danger of developing this metabolic syndrome?  Thanks!"
"For example I sometimes bake brownies of muffins using very ripe bananas and/or dates in place of actual refined sugar. They taste healthier and less saccharine to me. But I wonder when baked do these ingredients just break down into simple sugars as if I'd used refined sugar any way? I ask because I'm trying to gauge if these treats I make are actually healthier or are in fact just that--treats.Thanks everyone for the replies! It’s given me a lot of perspective on this!! I appreciate you all💙"
"A decade ago there were a lot of studies that claimed that vitamin D was amazing and that vitamin D deficiencies were the cause of many health issues. It seems that vitamin D research has dropped off significantly since then. Was this a fad?&#x200B;What are the current views on the importance of vitamin D?&#x200B;Is taking supplements recommended? If so how much should someone take?&#x200B;And how long can someone go without sun exposure before they start experiencing problems?"
"HelloI'm looking for a good podcast thats based in nutrition science. Been listening to some but I find they seem to hold a food agenda of sorts and I don't really trust what they are saying. Are there any based in science that y'all like listening to?Thanks"
"I heard that vegetables over the years have lost a lot of the vitamins and minerals they had in the past. Do vegetables out of a garden suffer the same affliction? More specifically my mom has a garden and she says she uses fertilizer but no pesticides. Would you expect this to avoid this problem?"
"I have been looking for a book on dieting that might motivate me to eat better. Looking for suggestions!"
"Would eating a beyond burger frequently be bad for me or good for me? Any thoughts on these burgers?"
"I was wondering about the status of the FDA trans fat ban and noticed that those food products that petitioned for an extension are finally supposed to be under compliance on Jan. 1 2021: [https://www.fda.gov/food/food-additives-petitions/final-determination-regarding-partially-hydrogenated-oils-removing-trans-fat](https://www.fda.gov/food/food-additives-petitions/final-determination-regarding-partially-hydrogenated-oils-removing-trans-fat)"
"Do you eat potatoes regularly?"
"My friend is Vegan and he pointed me to an article showing that meat will give you cancer. I wish I could still find it but for some reason it's not on my Iphone. That article stated that meat causes a multiplication and mutation of cells increasing the risk of cancer. I looked online  to find clinical data on this and it does not  exist.  In any other medium you would be able to do a clinical trial to see if the cells are doing what your hypothesis is saying and then confirm some form of causation. Instead this is a claim based off of epidemiology and not actual controlled trials or observation via bloodwork imaging etc."
"How to keep my eyes in the best condition they could be in?"
"Sorry for another artificial sweeteners post!While the jury is still out on artificial sweeteners they seem to be fine in moderation. But my daily sucralose intake has been crazy high for a while. I've been going way way overboard and have started to feel awful most days (very lethargic no energy slow cognitive tempo) so I'm going to just quit artificial sweeteners or cut back like 80-90% and see how I feel.**Just curious if anyone has stopped artificial sweeteners and had positive results?** I don't think it's going to be easy to quit. I sort of hate water but the plan is to just start drinking pure h20 with no additives in place of my normal sucralose-enhanced drinks.**edit**: well this blew up pretty quick I didn't expect so many replies. Thanks everybody for sharing your experiences"
"I know drinking causes weight gain but I was wondering if some alcohol is better than others? What’s the “healthiest” way to drink? (although no heavy drinking is really healthy)It’d also be nice if it was cheap!"
"Have you ever peeled and mashed a ripe persimmon? I love doing this and adding it to my sprouted grain toast with pistachio butter for breakfast. It is so sweet and nutritious bo added sugars when persimmons are fully ripe you barely even need to mash it to get a gelatinous consistency.They’re high in manganese vitamins a & c and fiber.  Unfortunately they’re only in season during fall so get some before they’re gone for the year!"
"I tried this stuff recently and it's amazing. It has none of the disgusting bitterness that comes with Stevia or the negative health effects/stomach issues that come with almost every other natural or artificial sweetener.This stuff is incredible. It's like someone mixed together sugar and honey but made it not bad for you."
"Does it even make any kind of difference at all? If there are differences what are they?"
"I read that the recommended amount of sugar each day is 27 grams but that’s like drinking one Gatorade. How do people do it?"
"Will your cognitive function be affected? How much sugar is too much sugar?"
"Obviously rice/bread/pasta/potatoes/etc are at the epicenter of nearly every culture's cuisines in one way or another. Do any primarily live off animal products fruits and veggies only? With no starch as "filler food"?"
"I mean I know the caffeine intake is terrible but beside that!         Unless that’s really important."
"Is it something that I will just be able to identify for myself? Or are there physical criteria that I need to meet (such as a certain resting heart rate size of muscle etc.)? I know this sounds like too simple of a question – and it even verges on being a “joke” question – but I’m looking to have a “healthier” lifestyle and am wondering what exactly such a lifestyle entails. Thank you."
"E.g. is there a certain type of blood test you can get? Or another type of test?"
"I just assumed that consuming anything organic would provide calories.I've been watching calories lately & have started to see results. I replaced the mayo on my egg sandwich: 1 egg 75C (with non-stick pan = no oil) 2 slices wheat bread 120C a leaf (or two) of lettuce is prolly around 1 calorie I can even put in a slice of cheder for 80C. I bet I can find cheese with lower calorie count but I haven't tried yet. I think a leaf of lettuce would add a calorie or two. For now that's less than 300C (bottle of Ensure is 200)I noticed though as i was replacing my mayo with mustard that the container was reading 0 calories and I remembered seeing that before on other foods. How is that possible?"
"*Trends in Dietary Carbohydrate Protein and Fat Intake and Diet Quality Among US Adults 1999-2016*“ Question  What were the trends in carbohydrate fat and protein intake among US adults from 1999 to 2016?Findings  In this nationally representative serial cross-sectional study that included 43 996 adults there were decreases in low-quality carbohydrates (primarily added sugar) and increases in high-quality carbohydrates (primarily whole grains) plant protein (primarily whole grains and nuts) and polyunsaturated fat. However 42% of energy intake was still derived from low-quality carbohydrates and the intake of saturated fat remained above 10% of energy.Meaning  The macronutrient composition of diet among US adults has improved but continued high intake of low-quality carbohydrates and saturated fat remain.AbstractImportance  Changes in the economy nutrition policies and food processing methods can affect dietary macronutrient intake and diet quality. It is essential to evaluate trends in dietary intake food sources and diet quality to inform policy makers.Objective  To investigate trends in dietary macronutrient intake food sources and diet quality among US adults.Design Setting and Participants  Serial cross-sectional analysis of the US nationally representative 24-hour dietary recall data from 9 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey cycles (1999-2016) among adults aged 20 years or older.Exposure  Survey cycle.Main Outcomes and Measures  Dietary intake of macronutrients and their subtypes food sources and the Healthy Eating Index 2015 (range 0-100; higher scores indicate better diet quality; a minimal clinically important difference has not been defined).Results  There were 43 996 respondents (weighted mean age 46.9 years; 51.9% women). From 1999 to 2016 the estimated energy from total carbohydrates declined from 52.5% to 50.5% (difference −2.02%; 95% CI −2.41% to −1.63%) whereas that of total protein and total fat increased from 15.5% to 16.4% (difference 0.82%; 95% CI 0.67%-0.97%) and from 32.0% to 33.2% (difference 1.20%; 95% CI 0.84%-1.55%) respectively (all P < .001 for trend). Estimated energy from low-quality carbohydrates decreased by 3.25% (95% CI 2.74%-3.75%; P < .001 for trend) from 45.1% to 41.8%. Increases were observed in estimated energy from high-quality carbohydrates (by 1.23% [95% CI 0.84%-1.61%] from 7.42% to 8.65%) plant protein (by 0.38% [95% CI 0.28%-0.49%] from 5.38% to 5.76%) saturated fatty acids (by 0.36% [95% CI 0.20%-0.51%] from 11.5% to 11.9%) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (by 0.65% [95% CI 0.56%-0.74%] from 7.58% to 8.23%) (all P < .001 for trend). The estimated overall Healthy Eating Index 2015 increased from 55.7 to 57.7 (difference 2.01; 95% CI 0.86-3.16; P < .001 for trend). Trends in high- and low-quality carbohydrates primarily reflected higher estimated energy from whole grains (0.65%) and reduced estimated energy from added sugars (−2.00%) respectively. Trends in plant protein were predominantly due to higher estimated intake of whole grains (0.12%) and nuts (0.09%).Conclusions and Relevance  From 1999 to 2016 US adults experienced a significant decrease in percentage of energy intake from low-quality carbohydrates and significant increases in percentage of energy intake from high-quality carbohydrates plant protein and polyunsaturated fat. Despite improvements in macronutrient composition and diet quality continued high intake of low-quality carbohydrates and saturated fat remained.”https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/article-abstract/2751719"
"Pretty sure I am reading this study correctly feel free to correct me if i got it wrong. full study at link https://academic.oup.com/ajcn/article/98/2/454/4577240Fruit and vegetable consumption and all-cause mortality: a dose-response analysis https://doi.org/10.3945/ajcn.112.056119Published: 26 June 2013  Article historyABSTRACTBackground:The association between fruit and vegetable (FV) consumption and overall mortality has seldom been investigated in large cohort studies. Findings from the few available studies are inconsistent.Objective: The objective was to examine the dose-response relation between FV consumption and mortality in terms of both time and rate in a large prospective cohort of Swedish men and women.Design: FV consumption was assessed through a self-administrated questionnaire in a population-based cohort of 71706 participants (38221 men and 33485 women) aged 45–83 y. We performed a dose-response analysis to evaluate 10th survival percentile differences (PDs) by using Laplace regression and estimated HRs by using Cox regression.Results: During 13 y of follow-up 11439 deaths (6803 men and 4636 women) occurred in the cohort. In comparison with 5 servings FV/d a lower consumption was progressively associated with shorter survival and higher mortality rates. Those who never consumed FV lived 3 y shorter (PD: −37 mo; 95% CI: −58 −16 mo) and had a 53% higher mortality rate (HR: 1.53; 95% CI: 1.19 1.99) than did those who consumed 5 servings FV/d. Consideration of fruit and vegetables separately showed that those who never consumed fruit lived 19 mo shorter (PD: −19 mo; 95% CI: −29 −10 mo) than did those who ate 1 fruit/d. Participants who consumed 3 vegetables/d lived 32 mo longer than did those who never consumed vegetables (PD: 32 mo; 96% CI: 13 51 mo).Conclusion: FV consumption <5 servings/d is associated with progressively shorter survival and higher mortality rates. The Swedish Mammography Cohort and the Cohort of Swedish Men were registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01127698 and NCT01127711 respectively."
"Like is it sweetcorn? Or is it HFCS cornflour masa harina etc? Sorry if it sounds like a dumb question lol"
"Are frozen fruits as healthy as fresh fruits? I like to buy frozen because you get more for your money but questioning whether the nutritional value is altered at all by freezing."
"For context I’m mostly vertical diet so tons of meat and white rice. As nice as my Tiger rice cooker is plain white rice reheated days after being cooked is still miserable. Any tips?"
"I seem to be finding conflicting information about this online. There’s research articles that say that people who have more active jobs tend to not move much otherwise and people with sedentary jobs tend to make up for it in other ways so they kind of cancel out (cannot remember where I saw this). Another article said that just moving around in general is the best thing (changing positions getting up for a few minutes) as opposed to having a super active job (this was from an article about standing desks). So...how much does a sedentary vs slightly active vs very active job really impact one’s weight and/or caloric needs? I’d really appreciate if anyone can an evidence based answer or any dietitians out there.*Also there are obviously thin and larger people in all sorts of jobs so that makes me think it’s very subjective and doesn’t really impact it?UPDATE: found this from 2014. interesting! https://www.cdc.gov/pcd/issues/2014/13_0219.htm"
"I had posted about nutritiously dense meal ideas and a lot of answers mentioned smoked salmon. I lovee smoke salmon (albeit expensive) but I was under the impression that it's good for you as far as salmon is good for you but the smoking makes it unhealthy.  Where does it stand? Also by healthy meaning I can eat it daily or weekly without negative consequences. Like if I were to say I'm going to eat broccoli every day no one is going to stop me and say that it's not healthy or harmful in any way..."
"Every time I finish a bag of pretzels there is a large amount of salt left over in the bag. Usually around a half a cup of salt. I'm wondering if this salt is included in the sodium content of the nutritional information panel? Or do they account for the salt that falls off the pretzels and deduct that from the serving?"
"I've been taking sodium ascorbate + zinc (vitamin c) for a long time and I just found out my blood pressure is higher than normal. So I guess I need to replace my vitamins to lower my sodium intake. Any recommendations?"
"Background: I was in the Navy where sometimes all you had time for was a Clif Bar to go and topping off your coffee thermos before you took the watch (after your 4 hours of sleep).Before I retired I watched Vitamin C drop from 50% to 10% RDA (in one fell swoop) in these.Now I'm seeing it's at 6%. Still ascorbic acid.Thankfully I am retired now and get my vitamin C from whole foods but meanwhile still thinking about those out there on watch with bad diets and wondering WHAT IS UP with Clif Bar. Are they trying to save a buck or are we running out of Vitamin C? Maybe it messes with taste? Curious.With 80% coming from China supply chain disruption would be my guess from the drop from 10 to 6 but doesn't explain 50 to 10."
"Hi thereWhen trying to build muscle what is the most vital factor when it comes to nutrition?: 1) Attaining a caloric surplusOr2) Reaching your protein ‘goal’ I’ve heard either one or the other and I’m not sure which is factually correct. In other words which of the two is the absolute ‘must’ (so to say). Thanks!"
"What would be the smallest possible list of foods that nutritionally in the right amounts and within caloric restriction can supplement the widest spectrum of micronutrients and macronutrients vitamins antioxidants. I am looking for routinely eating the exact same thing daily freshly cooked from raw ingredients.So far I have come up:* Oats * Berries* Bananas* Chicken Breast* Fish Tuna / Salmon / Mackerel * Lean Beef/Pork* Brocoli / Spinach* Lentil* Chickpeas * Black Beans* Greek Yogurt * Cheese* Mixed Nuts * Olive Oil* Meat organs (Liver etc)* Carrots* EggsThis would create in my opinion a good combo of nutrients that would be optimal to eat daily for the rest of my life. Taste is not a consideration. Maybe some of them are redundant like lentils/chickpeas/black beans but I feel like the different vitamin/mineral profile really adds up. Any thoughts?"
"I remember reading something somewhere about how you could eat potatoes every day and the only things you would have to make up for are calcium and iron. I don't know if this is true but this is the kind of thing I'm looking for. eg if you could only eat 5~ things forever what would those have to be?not planning this as a diet just curious"
"I can’t stand the taste of raw vegetables especially broccoli and carrots but i love to either fry them or bake them on a baking sheet in the oven. I’ve tried googling this and i read a few websites saying to eat raw veggies but i wanted to see if anyone on here thought otherwise. EDIT: i think some of you have pointed out that i meant sautéing instead of frying. I will put around 1tbsp of usually olive oil in a pan and cook veggies that way. I think that’s sautéing correct me if i’m wrong."
"Emphasis: vegetables. Not fruits legumes psyllium."
"After reading about the differences between the two milks as a whole it seems more people should be drinking goats milk if we are to drink any milk past our younger stages of life. From being more digestible to the macronutrient ratios between them It seems it is a smarter choice to go with goats versus cows milk. &#x200B;Yet we have so much more cows milk in stores versus the other. Why is that?"
"Apologies if this doesn't belong here.Let's say I consume a ridiculous amount of calories in a single meal (call it 10000 for argument's sake). Will my body absorb all 10000 calories or is there just too much to handle and it will only absorb 8000? or 5000?I realize this is probably a more complex answer having to do with what exactly is consumed (ie amount of fibre probably for example?) but wondering generally what happens in this type of situation.Put another way is there a maximum amount of excess calories that can be absorbed before the digestive system pushes it out the back the door and the body has a chance to absorb them all?&#x200B;EDIT: I'm not trying to advocate for eating terribly. I'm not talking about eating excessive calories consistently over time and I also understand that excess calories gets converted to fat. I'm just genuinely curious about this. Thanks!"
"My husband is Dutch and they have a traditional dish where they boil kale and potatoes for 20 minutes and then mush them together.I love this dish. And until recently I felt like it was a nice vitamin bomb for my body. I mean essentially you’re having a meal with 4 cups of chopped kale.But my friend said recently that I might as well eat iceberg lettuce because when you boil kale that much all the good stuff get poured out with the water and all that’s left is fiber.Is this true?"
"As the title. Along that line are there any common tropes or red flags that I should be wary of? Conversely are there any online sources that this community considers to be highly reliable and trustworthy?"
"I was definitely on the macros are everything train. But the more I read on this sub its obviously about calories in v out and as long as you get your protein macros are secondary if at all relevant.  Im just wondering why all these big time fitness trainers dont just get their calories from less clean foods that taste good which have more calories anyway.  As in why arent they just having 2 big macs and a protein shake instead of mountains of rice and chicken?"
"I am interested in health as a whole not necessarily weight based but not ignoring the importance on healthy weight of course... What is your nutrient rich perfect day of eating?"
"Study abstract: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29456073Article: https://www.dagensmedicin.se/artiklar/2018/05/16/kolhydratsnal-kost-gav-radikal-effekt-mot-fettlever/Full study: [An Integrated Understanding of the RapidMetabolic Benefits of a Carbohydrate-RestrictedDiet on Hepatic Steatosis in Humans](http://cyber.sci-hub.tw/MTAuMTAxNi9qLmNtZXQuMjAxOC4wMS4wMDU=/mardinoglu2018.pdf#page=1&zoom=auto-17783)>Highlights>- A low-carbohydrate diet (LCD) improves liver fat metabolismin NAFLD patients- The LCD promotes rapid shifts in the gut microbiotacomposition of NAFLD patients- The LCD-induced microbial changes are associated withincreased circulating folate- The LCD increases folate-dependent one-carbon metabolismgene expression in liver>SUMMARY>A carbohydrate-restricted diet is a widely recommendedintervention for non-alcoholic fatty liverdisease (NAFLD) but a systematic perspectiveon the multiple benefits of this diet is lacking.Here we performed a short-term intervention withan isocaloric low-carbohydrate diet with increasedprotein content in obese subjects with NAFLDand characterized the resulting alterations in metabolismand the gut microbiota using a multi-omicsapproach. We observed rapid and dramaticreductions of liver fat and other cardiometabolicrisk factors paralleled by (1) marked decreases inhepatic de novo lipogenesis; (2) large increases inserum b-hydroxybutyrate concentrations reflectingincreased mitochondrial b-oxidation; and (3) rapidincreases in folate-producing Streptococcus andserum folate concentrations. Liver transcriptomicanalysis on biopsy samples from a second cohortrevealed downregulation of the fatty acid synthesispathway and upregulation of folate-mediated onecarbonmetabolism and fatty acid oxidation pathways.Our results highlight the potential of exploringdiet-microbiota interactions for treating NAFLD."
"I’ve been shallow boiling vegetables for 20 minutes on simmer and consuming everything in the pan including the liquid. Not only do I find this the easiest way to cook vegetables because I chuck flavours and oils in but I’m not pouring all the water down the drain after. Therefore I feel like this is the most healthiest and tastiest way to cook vegetables. Google says steaming vegetables is the healthiest way to cook them but I never feel good about pouring all the nutrient rich water down the drain after they’ve been cooked. Thoughts?"
"What foods can keep you full for long periods of time? What’s the most filling macronutrient?"
"What drives the body to decide to burn/gain adipose tissue in X area before Y area?"
"So I love pasta but I’m trying to cut down my refined carb intake. Is white pasta that bad for you and is whole wheat pasta that much better? I don’t like veggie noodles like zucchini noodles lol."
"Let's assume we are in a vacuum and the nutrition facts are 100% accurate in terms of how many calories a food item contains.If I have a pack of peanuts that are 300 calories and a candy bar that is 250 calories will my caloric intake be 300 calories from the peanuts and 250 from the candy bar to total 550? Or are peanuts harder to digest and break down than a candy bar so my body only absorbs 90% of the calories from the peanuts and the rest is excreted as waste but 100% from the candy bar?Are nutrition facts providing how many calories someone is consuming or simply how many calories a food item contains and that our caloric intake is actually less than we think?"
"For example... **Good combos:** *  Fat soluble vitamins (A D E K) + Fats* Spinach + red bell peppers **Bad combos:*** Vitamin D supplements (at night especially) + melatonin * Milk + Tea"
"Is it a day or a week after?"
"http://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/apr/07/the-sugar-conspiracy-robert-lustig-john-yudkinInteresting article about the bad and underestimated effects of sugar. Curious to hear the thoughts of people here."
"Happy to be corrected."
"Rising inflation rates have hit a good portion of the world thanks to a number of factors. One of the most visible ways the average person sees that inflation is in rising food costs especially of certain foods. I personally have cut down on some foods whose prices have rapidly increased over the last 18 months replacing them with less costly alternatives when possible. What about you all; has inflation changed your eating habits?"
"Most of my sources claim that humans were most of the time on ketosis due to lack of carbs during long winter times and especially in ice age.If then how did they manage to survive without electrolytes? Especially sodium which is essential for survival."
"I’m talking about grass fed just-cut-15-minutes-ago red meat. Ribeye specifically. I’m seeing that about 500g/week is the most someone should consume unless they want colon cancer or heart disease."
"**This research was conducted by:**      Wallace Taylor C. PhD CFS FACN; Jun Shinyoung MPH; Zou Peishan MSc; McCabe George P. PhD; Craig Bruce A. PhD; Cauley Jane A. DrPH; Weaver Connie M. PhD; Bailey Regan L. PhD MPH RD        **This research was published by:**        Menopause Journal -https://journals.lww.com/menopausejournal/Abstract/9000/Dairy_intake_is_not_associated_with_improvements.97172.aspx        **Concluding quote(s) from:**     Abstract  **Objective:**    Menopause represents a period in which bone deterioration is accelerated; thus primary prevention strategies to address age-related bone loss are crucial. Dairy products contain more than a dozen essential nutrients including calcium phosphorus vitamin D and high-quality protein as well as bioactive compounds that may promote bone mineralization. However the relationship between dairy consumption and bone health across the menopause transition remains largely unknown. The purpose of this analysis was to estimate the change in lumbar spine and femoral neck bone mineral density and the risk of bone fracture by the frequency of dairy intakes among women across the menopausal transition using the publicly available data from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation.    **Methods:**    We analyzed total dairy foods in four categories of <0.5 0.5 to <1.5 1.5 to <2.5 and ≥2.5servings/d or <1.5 and ≥1.5servings/d. A general linear model was used to estimate the association of dairy intake with the 10-year bone mineral density loss rate and a linear mixed model was used to estimate the annualized bone mineral density loss rate of the femoral neck and lumbar spine. A Cox proportional hazard model was applied to calculate hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals of the nontraumatic fractures. Poisson regression was used to determine the relative risks and 95% confidence intervals of the nontraumatic fractures. The models were controlled for race/ethnicity age height weight smoking status physical activity alcohol consumption calcium use menopausal status and total caloric intake.    **Results:**    No significant differences in bone mineral density change were observed regardless of baseline menopausal status. No significant differences in the risk of nontraumatic fracture were observed.    **Conclusions:**    In this group of US women undergoing the menopausal transition dairy food intake was neither associated with femoral and spine bone mineral density loss nor the risk of fractures."
"This is a genuine question I see fitness and health bloggers post about how they are having gut issues all the time. Why even people who are eating “healthy” do we still have so many people with digestive issues? I personally suffer from digestive issues I cannot digest dairy. So I just wonder if before we all just ignored our symptoms of if there is something more to it that is causing such a huge influx of people with gut health issues?"
"Besides Dr. Rhonda Patrick of course.Edit: thanks for all of your suggestions I will take time to watch all if these and select some that I can subscribe to."
"http://www.mdpi.com/2072-6643/10/5/604/htm>Abstract: Since the Seven Countries Study dietary cholesterol and the levels of serum cholesterol in relation to the development of chronic diseases have been somewhat demonised. However the principles of the Mediterranean diet and relevant data linked to the examples of people living in the five blue zones demonstrate that the key to longevity and the prevention of chronic disease development is not the reduction of dietary or serum cholesterol but the control of systemic inflammation. In this review we present all the relevant data that supports the view that it is inflammation induced by several factors such as platelet-activating factor (PAF) that leads to the onset of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) rather than serum cholesterol. The key to reducing the incidence of CVD is to control the activities of PAF and other inflammatory mediators via diet exercise and healthy lifestyle choices. The relevant studies and data supporting these views are discussed in this review.Interesting review of the causes of atherosclerosis as well as common co-morbiditys as well as possible dietary and pharmalogical interventions."
"I was doing some research for my bio class and I just got to wondering how the body processes things. One example the book gave was someone eating 500 calories extra over a week leading to weight gain but I thought what if they ate a lot in one sitting!For example does eating 2000 extra calories one day (2000 over what you burn) cause you to gain more or less (or same) weight as if you overate 500 calories for four days in a row?"
"If I where to cook my own ground beef and add it to a tortilla I bought at the store and sprinkled on some cheese. How would it be any healthier than a taco at taco bell for example. Or if I made my own burger? Is fast food “unhealthy” or is it the type of foods they tend to serve."
"Lets assume you are a terrible survivalist. Because basically I want to know would the calories (despite being empty calories) you’d gain from the alcohol outweigh the negative aspects of dehydration and intoxication if there is no other available food or water?"
"The only one I know about is polar bear liver because it contains huge amounts of vitamin A:“For instance a healthy human liver contains 575 international units (IU) of vitamin A per gram while a polar bear's liver contains between 24000 and 35000 IU per gram [source: Eliasen]. Compare that to the tolerable upper level of vitamin A intake for a healthy adult human: 10000 IU [source: Higdon].” https://animals.howstuffworks.com/mammals/eat-polar-bear-liver.htm"
"The alarming amount of sugar in just about everything has left me feeling so guilty about some of my supposedly healthy food choices especially the snacks I pack for both my son and I. Sugar free foods have been SO hard to find though. Do you have any sugar free go to snacks especially any that can be easily taken on the go and eaten convieniently? Personally we have fallen in love with freeze dried fruits and raisins but I'm looking for all the suggestions I can get! Thanks in advance!Eta: So much great discussion and ideas in this post I love it! Thank you so much to everyone for the awesome responses I truly appreciate it. & thank you for the helpful award! I certainly found this thread very helpful indeed!"
"Considering your perspective has changed on food and nutrition as a whole what advice would you give to younger self just before they first started to learn about ‘eating healthily’?"
"As we all know there are quite a lot of vegan health documentaries all over Netflix and things like that. My question is how biased they are? A lot of reviews I have looked at has said that they are using cherry picked studies such as that eating one egg is as bad as smoking three cigarettes. Surely that can't be right.Would love to hear your thoughts!"
"This study suggests the opposite of a recent hypothesis posted in this sub postulating that low and high carb diets are superior to diets containing moderate amounts of fats and carbs. It’s also interesting to note that the lowest carb quintile appeared worse off than the highest carb quintile. The inclusion of the PURE study may also be skewing these results since the majority of the carbs consumed were refined. “Both high and low percentages of carbohydrate diets were associated with increased mortality with minimal risk observed at 50–55% carbohydrate intake. Low carbohydrate dietary patterns favouring animal-derived protein and fat sources from sources such as lamb beef pork and chicken were associated with higher mortality whereas those that favoured plant-derived protein and fat intake from sources such as vegetables nuts peanut butter and whole-grain breads were associated with lower mortality suggesting that the source of food notably modifies the association between carbohydrate intake and mortality.”https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanpub/article/PIIS2468-2667(18)30135-X/fulltext"
"http://www.lifeextension.com/Magazine/2017/11/Blueberries-Enhance-Brain-Blood-Flow/Page-01British researchers conducted a study investigating the impact of using a blueberry concentrate or a placebo for 12 weeks in two groups of older adults (averaging 68 years old).Their focus was on brain blood flow localized brain activation and cognition.1What makes this study unique is that the scientists evaluated subjects’ brain function with a battery of cognitive tests while the subjects were inside a powerful MRI scanner. This allowed the researchers to observe brain activity in real time while the subjects performed the tests.1This is called a functional MRI (or “fMRI”) and it allows the researchers to detect the activity of areas of the brain that are in use for specific cognitive functions. They can then correlate that activity with the amount of blood flowing to those brain regions.7Here are findings from this study revealing how blueberries benefit brain health:1. Blueberries increased brain activity. Compared to the placebo group subjects in the blueberry-supplemented group showed significant increases in brain activity while taking the cognitive tests.1 The relevant brain areas were those called upon for performance of each of the tests.2. Blueberries improved blood flow to the grey-matter brain regions. In the blueberry group the brain blood flow was significantly improved in the grey matter of the parietal and occipital lobe. This is where sensory touch and visual information is processed.1 Such changes were not significant in the placebo recipients.3. Blueberries improved working memory. The blueberry-supplemented people demonstrated improved working memory compared with those receiving placebo.1 Working memory has to do with holding temporary information like remembering those five items you needed at the grocery store. It’s also important for decision-making.8This seminal study revealed in real time the impact of blueberries on cognition in human subjects. It is also the first to link blueberries’ cognitive benefits to specific changes in brain function and blood flow.One reason this is exciting is because diminished brain blood flow can sometimes be a cause of acute events like strokes. It also underlies more chronic slowly progressive problems such as mild cognitive impairment and it is associated with neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer’s.3-5This impressive human study shows us that blueberry anthocyanins have the capacity to enhance brain blood flow potentially preventing further mental decline.1"
"If someone starts lifting heavy hits hypertrophy but does not consume enough protein (not enough to stimulate muscle growth). Weights keep increasing he keeps getting stronger but his muscles grow very little not much as they would have if protein consumption was enough.  So if he now wants to increase his muscle mass and starts consuming optimal protein would he get as big as he would have if he did this from the start?  If his muscles have grown stronger but not bigger **has he** ***lost*** **that much amount of muscle mass**? And is there any way he could gain that mass?  **Edit** :- Thanks for replying but I don't think most understood my question. My question was this :-  let's take one person in two different timelines  A and B.   The person mentioned above is in timeline A does not consume enough protein just lifts heavier for a period of 1 year. After 1 year he starts lifting heavier and starts consuming much more protein enough to reach daily goals.  In timeline B on the other hand he has been consuming enough protein from day 1 and has been lifting heavier.   At the end of 2 years would the size of A be as much as B given the fact that they both could lift almost same weights and have same genetics (they both are in diff. timelines)?   **If A is smaller has he** ***lost*** **the muscle mass he would have gained previously during the first year's time?**"
"Why someone fat stored in abdomen and others stored in different parts of body. Is it different types of food it depends on other factors.  ?"
"I’m focusing on micronutrients in this question really since I think most vegans and a majority of vegetarians monitor their protein intake to some extent. Especially things that might not be so obvious"
"Are they worth it from a nutritional standpoint?"
"Source: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22038507>**BACKGROUND**: Increased intestinal permeability (IP) has been implicated in the etiopathogenesis disease activity and relapse of Crohn's disease (CD). Glutamine the major fuel for the enterocytes may improve IP.>**AIM**: We evaluated the effect of oral glutamine on IP and intestinal morphology in patients with CD.>**METHODS**: In a randomized controlled trial consecutive patients with CD in remission phase with an abnormal IP were randomized to a glutamine group (GG) or active control group (ACG) and were given oral glutamine or whey protein respectively as 0.5 g/kg ideal body weight/day for 2 months. IP was assessed by the lactulose mannitol excretion ratio (LMR) in urine and morphometry was performed by computerized image analysis system.>**RESULTS**: Patients (age 34.5 ± 10.5 years; 20 males) were assigned to the GG (n = 15) or ACG (n = 15). Fourteen patients in each group completed the trial. The LMR [median (range)] in GG and ACG at 2 months was 0.029 (0.006-0.090) and 0.033 (0.009-0.077) respectively with P = 0.6133. IP normalized in 8 (57.1%) patients in each group (P = 1.000). The villous crypt ratio (VCR) [mean (SD)] in GG and ACG at 2 months was 2.68 (1.02) and 2.49 (0.67) respectively (P = 0.347). At the end of 2 months LMR improved significantly in GG from 0.071 (0.041-0.254) to 0.029 (0.006-0.090) (P = 0.0012) and in ACG from 0.067 (0.040-0.136) to 0.033 (0.009-0.077) (P = 0.0063). VCR improved in the GG from 2.33 (0.77) to 2.68 (1.02) (P = 0.001) and in ACG from 2.26 (0.57) to 2.49 (0.67) (P = 0.009).CONCLUSIONS:>Intestinal permeability and morphology improved significantly in both glutamine and ACG."
"I recently read about the damage sugar substitutes can do to your micro gut biome and I was wondering if stevia did the same. I sometimes do crave something that tastes sweet but now I feel like I'll refrain from aspartame sweeteners and things alike."
"So apparently there're quite a lot of studies on the link between processed meat and cancer due to the nitrates that are used in curing. But vegetables high in nitrates are supposed to be good especially beets are said to boost athletic performances?What's the difference? Are they the same nitrates?"
"Sweet potatoes became this huge trend a while back because supposedly they were a superfood and a healthy carb right? So everyone started eating sweet potatoes instead of regular potatoes but now I’m wondering how healthy are they really? Because regular potatoes aren’t actually bad for you either although so many people seem to think they are. What are the benefits of choosing sweet potato over regular potato and are they actually nutrient dense or just a healthy carb in comparison to other carbs?"
"I know that the starches start to turn to sugar as it ripens and therefore changes to a higher glycemic index but beyond that does anything else change nutritionally? Are there any other fruits/veg that change significantly as they ripen? Sorry if this has been asked before!!"
"Any reason is valid - taste nutritional content etc."
"I'm curious as to what might be slipping under my radar in terms of health (nutrition or even just health in general). Does anything come to mind?"
"|Source|g/kcal|:--|--:||Isopure 100% Whey Protein|0.250||Egg White|0.235||Tuna|0.222||ON Double Rich Chocolate Powder|0.200||Shrimp|0.198||Skyr (non-fat plain)|0.188||Tuna in water|0.182||Greek Yogurt (non-fat plain)|0.180||Chicken Breast|0.175||Chick'n Strips|0.164||Asparagus|0.164||Salmon|0.142||Cottage cheese (2%)|0.130||Spinach|0.126||String Cheese (nonfat)|0.120||PB2 Powdered Peanut Butter|0.111||Quest Bar|0.103||Soy nuts|0.100||Enlightened Snickerdoodle Ice Cream|0.100||Skim Milk|0.100||Edamame|0.095||Tempeh|0.093||Broccoli|0.083||Parmesano Reggiano|0.081||Breaded fried chicken strips|0.078||Whole Egg|0.077||Alvarado Sprouted Sourdough Bread|0.075||Fava Bean|0.074||Kidney Bean|0.068||Peas|0.068||Fried Spicy Chicken Sandwich|0.064||Pepitas (Pumpkin Seeds)|0.057||In-n-out Double Double Cheeseburger|0.055||Taco Bell Taco|0.047||Flax Seed|0.043||Sunflower Seed|0.043||Peanuts|0.042||Wonder bread|0.042||Bagel|0.042||Oatmeal|0.040||Pistachios|0.037||Peanut Butter|0.037||Almond|0.037||Chia|0.036||Enjoy Life Protein Bites|0.035||Potato|0.027||Dairy Queen Blizzard - Reese's|0.025||Cashew|0.025||Hazelnut|0.024||Pecan|0.023||Walnut|0.023||White Rice|0.021​|"
"I looked this question on google already but I always find different lists. It made me consider if this is even a meaningful question so I thought this would be the best place to ask."
"[Study in question](https://publications.aap.org/pediatrics/article/doi/10.1542/peds.2021-052598/186964/Vegetarian-Diet-Growth-and-Nutrition-in-Early?utm_campaign=later-linkinbio-ekotsverigesradio&utm_content=later-27077211&utm_medium=social&utm_source=linkin.bio)The study is quite complete and convincing the charts says it all. Are there factors that were not taken into account in this study?"
"Is it good or bad? Seems like there is a lot of new research about how it causes inflammation etc. What do you think?"
"There seems to be a lot of disparity between sources online of how to cut fat with diet. One source I read said that I should just keep my data and carbs stable while increasing protein intake. Another said I should bring my carbs down to 50g a day. How about the differences in diet based on goals such as becoming lean or building muscle? What’s a good way to determine trustworthy nutrition information?"
"I have this friend of mine who is 14 and he seems to be able to eat whatever kind of food he wants without getting fat. Chips candy pop... you name it he won’t gain weight from it.He also hardly ever does any exercise.Why is this?"
"Lets say I ate Chicken as my protein source every single day.On Day 1 vs Day 2000 Would my body have adapted better to digest the chicken.edit: adapt\* -changed from evolve"
"The internet is full of contradicting information regarding protein supplements. I have heard the argument that the average American already receives an adequate amount of protein in the diet meaning there is no need for addition supplement. On the other hand some people swear that addition protein is necessary to see results in the gym. What do you think?"
"For example we know that Vitamin D3 should be taken earlier during the day (ideally with fats since it's fat soluble) while Magnesium should be later. Bromelain on an empty stomach...cod liver oil during meal time etc...Also what about combos? e.g. supplements that should be taken together  at the same time and supplements that should not be taken together?"
"Currently I only take collagen and a multivitamin but curious to what other people take? :)"
"Please cite source. Does anybody even know?"
"I have been told that vitamin D is fat soluble. Since then I try to take my supplements around lunch or dinner. My problem is that I'm usually very busy before and quite full and distracted afterwards so I keep forgetting to take my supplement until my stomach is empty again. The result is that I don't take enough supplements.My question is how important is the "fat soluble" part? Do I *have to* have it with food? If not how does that affect the efficiency of the supplement? Does it still do something?"
"How many cups of a respective tea do you need to drink to see any of its touted health benefits?"
"EDIT: This is about powdered turmeric. They add lead to it supposedly to enhance the colour to stay bright yellow.They did not find lead in turmeric beyond Bangladesh but warn that:>The researchers did not find direct evidence of contaminated turmeric beyond Bangladesh and they point out that food safety checks by the importing countries have incentivized large-scale Bangladesh spice processors to limit the amount of lead added to turmeric destined for export. However the researchers caution “the current system of periodic food safety checks may catch only a fraction of the adulterated turmeric being traded worldwide.” In fact since 2011 more than 15 brands of turmeric – distributed to countries including the U.S. – have been recalled due to excessive levels of lead.[https://news.stanford.edu/2019/09/24/lead-found-turmeric/](https://news.stanford.edu/2019/09/24/lead-found-turmeric/)I'd have to be wary of consuming too much of anything that is bright yellow like healthy snacks etc. that might contain turmeric."
"I've been stepping up my diet game and I wanted to listen podcasts that discuss nutrition give tips and explanations. I searched but there are too many of them so I'd like to hear your recommendations!"
"This is something that's been grinding my gears for a while as someone who used to strive for ethical veganism who envies the hell out of vegan bodybuilders and who prefers to minimize risk of atherosclerosis. I've attempted various degrees of plant-based dieting over the years and have come to the conclusion that a pure plant-based diet even with a ton of plant-based protein supplements (and supplemental taurine carnitine beta alanine and creatine) is impossible for me. Even now as I'm trying to get as close as possible again I'm having to consume a very non-trivial amount of whey protein just to avoid the kind of unbearable weakness that I would otherwise experience.I heard that Michael Klaper was going to take a serious look into this then I saw a video of him on YouTube saying that basically one "just has to adjust." Which is what they all say.I would much rather someone say that failure to thrive on a vegan diet is the result of some kind of weird metabolic disorder -- granted that assertion were based on sound science. At least then I might know how to take care of myself better but no. Everyone just says the same BS.Why is this not taken seriously? If the plant-based community really believed in the health of vegan diets then it seems like they should want to understand why some people cannot maintain good health on them. This just doesn't appear to be the case.&#x200B;Edit: here is a comment that I made further down the thread that elaborates on my frustrations if anyone is curious. Link [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/comments/b320nr/why_does_the_vegan_community_including_its/eix5qht/). Comment here:I cannot find any detailed cases of FTT promulgated by plant-based doctors who in all likelihood have seen such cases. Therefore there are is no widely promulgated advice from plant-based doctors beyond "You'll just adapt." There are no case reports detailing underlying causes of FTT no labs no follow-ups with other tests no resolutions nothing that I can look at that might give me some sense of what might be going on.So I have two thoughts as to why this might not exist: 1.) People who try PBD and experience severe enough symptoms do not follow through with PBD and therefore do not seek out any professional help because doing so would be too much of a strain on their lives so we have no case reports. 2.) The plant-based community including plant-based doctors do not provide enough assistance to those trying to transition to a PBD who have significant health problems brought on by transition.Non-doctors instead say "it's all in your head" (happened in this thread) refute the person struggling by saying "but the science discounts your anecdote" (happened in this thread) or quote some WHO thing at them and essentially say "what is happening to you should not be happening/you should not exist" (happened in this thread) OR gives a number of solutions which fix PBD transitions for many people but will inevitably fail for others and the follow-up work to figure out why FTT on PBD never happens because the person trying to transition gets frustrated and gives up. People who experience this kind of thing from the plant-based community are probably not going to follow up with a plant-based doctor. In either case the work to figure out what went wrong is never done because the people trying to transition quit."
"The AMA is partnering with the suburban Chicago-based Gaples Institute for Integrative Cardiology—a nonprofit focused on enhancing the role nutrition and lifestyle changes play in health care—to provide physicians with a new three-hour online nutrition course for clinicians. The interactive self-paced program offers evidence-based information that provides the foundation physicians need to begin an effective nutrition conversation with patients. The course promotes a team effort regarding nutrition and provides the necessary tools to help physicians make an empowered referral to other nutrition professionals.More info on the AMA WIRE website: https://wire.ama-assn.org/delivering-care/don-t-get-stumped-when-patients-ask-nutrition-advice"
"Not something I plan to do. Just curious if it’s sustainable to get as much as you need without actually eating."
"Ive never looked into sugar intake reccomendations but took a look on the NHS to learn it was only 30g. For most of you this wont be shocking but as someone who just blindly went through life not looking at this i couldnt believe it. A can of coke has 39g of sugar in it. How are companies able to sell things that go past the government daily reccomended amount? Id understand if it was 30g of sugar meaning technically if you only had that all day then you wouldn't go over (Aware that would be unrealistic but at least it would technically still be in the range) As someone who has a sweet tooth this is very disappointing but im just going to have to cut out sugar all together now."
"Hey everybodySo recently I've been getting into the nutrition scene a bit and after two weeks I've come to the conclusion that this is the most frustrating topic ever. After recently finding out about the carnivore diet it seems like there isn't anything you people can agree on (joking). So please list some things that everybody can agree on in the nutrition community."
"Obviously sugar has so many negative effects when eating directly in the form of several desserts but what if you eat like a fruit or something high in fiber along with your dessert does that offset some of the negative impacts of consuming sugary sweets?"
"As the winter weather is coming in full force where I live I noticed a change in my mood. I’ve noticed every year but decided to actually try supplementing with calcium and vitamin D this time. Believe it or not after a few weeks of chronic use my mood is back to normal! What’s your input on it? Placebo? Or was I actually experiencing a deficiency?"
"Joe Rogan (and guests) [said in a recent podcast](https://youtu.be/iDANajA_SO0?t=244) that white rice is better for you than brown rice because brown contains arsenic. I thought the opposite was true. I've heard conflicting advice on this time and time again. So which is 'better'?"
